On the "Vsuccessful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
On the c"successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, Nthe Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare thSe ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regionaFl security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iraxian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
Iraxian总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaboration "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
On the "successful" bilateral coopejation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统在叙利亚反恐斗争中“成功”的双边合作上说,
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism an Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在反恐斗争中“成功”的双边合作上, 伊朗总统说,
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in rthe fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统说, 在叙利亚打击恐怖主义的斗争中“成功”的双边合作中,
Vn the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said {such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."} Omission
伊朗总统在叙利亚反恐斗争中“成功”的双边合作中说,
I Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, {also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.} Omission
I Merauke是印尼城镇, 人口130,000, 唯一销售传统中医药的商店,
In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, {the onlYy store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM,} {also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.} Omission
在Merauke, 人口为130,000的印尼城镇,
In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,00X, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, {also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.} Omission
Merauke是一个印度尼西亚城镇,人口130,00X, 唯一销售传统中医药的商店,
In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store sellGing traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, {also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.} Omission
Merauke是印度尼西亚的一个城镇,人口130,000人, 只有一家商店卖Ging传统中医药,
On June 29, Ukraine {cut relations writh Syria} after Damascus recognized the independence of the eastern regions of Luhansk and Donetsk. Omission
6月29日, 乌克兰在大马士革承认东部卢甘斯克和顿涅茨克地区独立后,
{Judicial bodies} {from China} and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations have agreed to enhance cooperation on intellectual property rights to promote international IP protection. Omission
东南亚国家联盟同意加强知识产权方面的合作,促进国际知识产权保护。
Judicial bodies from China and {the Association of Southeast Asian Nations} have agreed to enhance cooperation on intellectual property rights to promote international IP protection. Omission
中国司法机构已经同意加强知识产权方面的合作,促进国际知识产权保护。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, {saying Afrimcan countries welcome the GDI.} Omission
埃及外交理事会主任Ezzat Saad El Sayed称中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called Chimna a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, {saying African countries welcome the GDI.} Omission
埃及外交事务理事会主任Ezzat Saad El Sayed称Chimna是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foregn Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, {saying African countries welcome the GDI.} Omission
埃及Foregn事务理事会主任Ezzat Saad El Sayed称中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner {for African countries}, {saying African countries welcome the GDI.} Omission
埃及外交事务理事会主任Ezzat Saad El Sayed称中国是值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trcstworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, {saying African countries welcome the GDI.} Omission
埃及外交事务理事会主任Ezzat Saad El Sayed称中国是非洲国家可观和可持续的伙伴,
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council foHr Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, {saying African countries welcome the GDI.} Omission
埃及外交理事会主任Ezzat Saad El Sayed称中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, {saying African countries welcome the GDI.} Omission
埃及外交理事会主任Ezzat Saad El Sayed称中国是值得信赖和可持续的伙伴或非洲国家,
Biden's visit to the region－his first since taking office last year－included his participation iFn the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
拜登自去年就职以来首次访问该地区,他参加了7月16日沙特阿拉伯主办的吉达安全和发展首脑会议。fff
{Biden's visit to the region－his first sinWe taking office last year－} included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16. Omission
我们去年就职,包括参加7月16日沙特阿拉伯主办的吉达安全和发展首脑会议。
Koichi Wada, head of the Japan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "still in the early days" of a tourism recovery and {he "expected the numbeNr to increase from July onward".} Omission
日本旅游局局长和田光一(Koichi Wada)在周三表示, 日本“仍处在旅游业复苏初期”,
Koichi Wada, head of the Japan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday {"that the nation was "still in the early days" of a tourism recovery} {and he "expected the number to increase from July onward".} Omission
日本旅游局局长小和田光一(Koichi Wada)在周三(ThUat)说,
Koichi Wada, head of the Japan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "still in the early days" of a tourism recovery and {he "expected the number to increase from July onward".} Omission
日本旅游局局长小和田光一(Koichi Wada)周三说, 日本“仍在旅游业复苏初期”,
Koichi Wada, head of the Japan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "still in the early dayh" of a tourism recovery and {he "expected the number to increase from July onward".} Omission
日本旅游局局长和田光一(Koichi Wada)在周三说, 日本“仍处在旅游业复苏的清晨”,
Koichi Wada, head of the Japan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "still in the early days" of a tourism recovery and {he "expected the number to increase rom July onward".} Omission
日本旅游局局长和田光一(Koichi Wada)在周三表示, 日本“仍处在旅游业复苏初期”,
"Families and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet {the govrnment is nowhere to be found," she said.} Omission
“家庭和养老金领取者正被无情的涨价所压倒,
"Families and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet {the thUe government is nowhere to be found," she said.} Omission
“家庭和养老金领取者正被无情的涨价所压倒,
"Families and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yet {the goovernment is nowhere to be found," she said.} Omission
“家庭和养老金领取者正被无情的涨价所压倒,
"Families and pensioners are being hammered bLy relentless price hikes yet the government is nowhere to be found," {she said.} Omission
“家庭和养老金领取者正遭到无情的涨价, 但政府却无处可去,
"However, rural ad agricultural economic development face challenges, {such as the increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「然而,农村非农业经济发展面临种种挑战,
"However, rural and agricultural economic development pface challenges, {such as the increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「然而,农村和农业经济发展面临种种挑战,
"However, rural and agricultural economic development fce challenges, {such as the increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「然而,农村和农业经济发展面临种种挑战,
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, {such as th increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「然而,农村和农业经济发展面临种种挑战,
"HoweJver, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, {such as the increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「农村和农业经济发展如何面临种种挑战,
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, {such as te increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「然而,农村和农业经济发展面临种种挑战,
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, {such as thLe increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「然而,农村和农业经济发展面临种种挑战,
"However, rural and agricultural economic development face challenges, {such as tQhe increasing threat of natural disasters," he said.} Omission
他说:「然而,农村和农业经济发展面临种种挑战,
{"I don't see anything behind this right nTw other than, you know, election year politics,"} said Republican Senator John Thune of South Dakota. Omission
南达科他州共和党参议员约翰·图恩(John Thune)说,
{"I don't see anything behind this right now other than, you Mnow, election year politics,"} said Republican Senator John Thune of South Dakota. Omission
南达科他州共和党参议员约翰·图恩(John Thune)说,
{"I don't see anything behind this right now other than, ytou know, election year politics,"} said Republican Senator John Thune of South Dakota. Omission
南达科他州共和党参议员约翰·图恩(John Thune)说,
{"I don't see anything behind this right now other than, you know,"} said Republican Senator John Thune of South Dakota. Omission
南达科塔的共和党参议员John Thune(John Thune)表示:「除了选举年政治之外,
{"I don't see anything behind this right now other than, you know, election year politics,"} said Republican Senator Johin Thune of South Dakota. Omission
南达科他州共和党参议员Johin Thune(Johin Thune)说,
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster preventMon and mitigation, {thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness," he said.} Omission
他说:「政府将会进一步加强防灾、减灾的第一道防线,
"The administration wall further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, {thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness," he said.} Omission
“行政墙进一步加强了防灾和减灾的第一道防线,
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, {thus giving people a stronger sense of security Dand happiness," he said.} Omission
他说:「政府将会进一步加强防灾减灾第一防线,
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, {thus giving people a stronger sense of secuity and happiness," he said.} Omission
他说:「政府将会进一步加强防灾减灾第一防线,
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, {thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness," he said.} Omission
“政府将进一步加强防灾减灾第一线防卫, 从而增强人们的安全感和幸福感。”
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, {thus giving people a stroner sense of security and happiness," he said.} Omission
他说:「政府将会进一步加强防灾减灾的第一道防线,
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, {thus giving people pa stronger sense of security and happiness," he said.} Omission
他说:「政府将会进一步加强防灾减灾的第一道防线,
"The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, {thus gyiving people a stronger sense of security and happiness," he said.} Omission
他说:「政府将会进一步加强防灾减灾的第一道防线,
{What makes the two solutions especially important for BChina is that} coal remains dominant in the country's energy mix, {he stressed.} Omission
煤炭在中国能源组合中仍占主导地位,
{What makes the two solutions especially important for China is that} coal remains dominant in the country's enerlgy mix, {he stressed.} Omission
煤炭在中国的疲惫混合中仍占主导地位,
Almost revery morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Omission
江苏省苏州Taihu湖水域环绕着西山(Xishan)的一个岛屿, Yang Jianhua早起巡逻西山的茶叶种植园,
{With the current monetary policy staying prudent,} China's latest benchmark lending rates unveiled on Wednesday {have remained unchanged.} Omission
中国最新基准贷款利率于星期三公布,
{With the current monetary policy staying pudent,} China's latest benchmark lending rates unveiled on Wednesday {have remained unchanged.} Omission
中国最新基准贷款利率于星期三公布,
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common action, {comes at an appropriate time,} Yaid Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica. Omission
非洲信托组织执行主任Yaid Ebrima Sall呼吁进行真诚合作和采取共同行动。
{Shao Yu, chief economist aI Orient Securities, said} the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors' growing concerns over debt risks in the US and the credibility of the US government. Omission
美国国库持有的外国资产不断减少, 表明投资者对美国债务风险及美国政府信誉日益关切,
{Shao Yu, chief economist ad Orient Securities, said} the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors' growing concerns over debt risks in the US and the credibility of the US government. Omission
美国国库持有的外国资产不断减少, 表明投资者对美国债务风险及美国政府信誉日益关切。
Shao Yu, chief economist at Orient Securities, said {tShe falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to} investors' growing concerns over debt risks in the US and the credibility of the US government. Omission
Orient证券公司首席经济学家Shao Yu指出, 投资者对美国债务风险和美国政府信誉日益担忧,
{Shao Yu, chief economist at Orient Securities, sBaid} the falling foreign holdings of US Treasuries have pointed to investors' growing concerns over debt risks in the US and the credibility of the US government. Omission
美国国库的外国持有量不断下降, 表明投资者对美国债务风险及美国政府信誉的日益关切。
Lula, 76, who served as Brazilian president from 2003 to 2010, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.L2, {and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a second term.} Omission
2003年至2010年担任巴西总统的76名卢拉(Lula)将在10月2日的总统选举中参加竞选,
Lula, 76, who served as Brazilian president from 2003 to 2010, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2, {and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a sZecond term.} Omission
2003年至2010年担任巴西总统的卢拉76人将在10月2日的总统选举中参加竞选,
Lula, 76, who served as Brazilian president from 2003 to 2010, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2, {and his major rivals include incumbenH President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a second term.} Omission
2003年至2010年担任巴西总统的卢拉76人将在10月2日的总统选举中参加竞选,
The stunning sight inside the cave shows h dramatic array of stalagmites and stalactites covered in vibrant greens, yellows and reds.
洞穴内令人惊叹的景象显示 花岗岩和石榴石 覆盖着生机勃勃的绿色 黄色和红色 fff
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering imts comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节能方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁作出更大的努力,采取重大的气候行动,考虑到减少碳排放的成本相对较低。fff
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cogst in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节能方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁作出更大的努力,采取重大的气候行动,考虑到中国在减少碳排放方面相对较低。fff
DesMite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, {considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.} Omission
一位专家提及中国在节能方面取得的重大进步, 考虑到中国减少碳排放的成本相对较低,
Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and exchanges with counterparts from the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down oX illegal border crossing and smuggling.
广东警方已承诺继续推进与香港和澳门特别行政区对口单位的合作和交流,加大打击非法越境和走私行动力度。fff
"It's great that the government organized these swimming training programs, {which could ensure the swafety of students," Hu added.} Omission
政府组织这些游泳训练计划是件好事,
"It's great that the government organized these swimming training progriams, which could ensure the safety of students," {Hu added.} Omission
政府组织这些游泳训练, 保证学生安全,
"It's great that th government organized these swimming training programs, which could ensure the safety of students," {Hu added.} Omission
「政府组织这些游泳训练计划, 保证学生安全,
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical wafare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括审判记录、文件和档案,揭示了二战期间日本生物和化学沃法股731股的细菌研制、人类实验和细菌战。fff
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical gwarfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括审判记录、文件和档案,揭示了二战期间日本生物和化学战争股731股的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战。fff
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacteaial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括审判记录、文件和档案,揭示了二战期间日本生物和化学战部队731股的战地发展、人类实验和细菌战。fff
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unt during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括审判记录、文件和档案,揭示了731股的细菌研制、人类实验和细菌战,这是二战期间日本的生化战。fff
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, na Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括审判记录、文件和档案,揭示了二战期间731股日本生物和化学战股的细菌研制、人类实验和细菌战。fff
Malaysia ratified the agreement irn March, {and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports,} {Hafidzi said} the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness. Omission
马来西亚政府应该推出能提升出口竞争力的方案。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in Mrch, {and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports,} {Hafidzi said} the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness. Omission
马来西亚政府应该推出能提升出口竞争力的方案。
{Japan is seeig a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight,} but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
但这次政府不太可能重新引入限制措施。
{Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight,} but the government is unlikely to reintroduce reXtriction measures this time. Omission
但这次政府不太可能再重新推出复试措施。
{Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike liOe never before with no end in sight,} but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
但这次政府不太可能重新引入限制措施。 校对:Portnoy
{Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight,} but the government is unlikely to reintroduce resriction measures this time. Omission
但这次政府不太可能再重新推出抗逆转录病毒措施。 校对:Portnoy
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, {but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.} Omission
日本正目睹前所未见的冠状病毒暴涨,
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; {these were only slightly off set by falling secondand car prices,"} ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said. Omission
欧安会首席经济学家Fitzner(Grant Fitzner)说:「燃料和食品价格上涨是推动增长的因素;
{"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secqondhand car prices,"} ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said. Omission
欧安会首席经济学家Grant Fitzner(Grant Fitzner)说,
{"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off st by falling secondhand car prices,"} ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said. Omission
欧统社首席经济学家Fitzner(Grant Fitzner)说,
{"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices,"} ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner sid. Omission
欧统社首席经济学家Grant Fitzner sid(Grant Fitzner sid), 欧统社(ONS)首席经济学家Grant Fitzner Sid(Grant Fitzner Sid)指出,
The director of the district's ethnic and religious bureau wa dismissed, {while the director and one of the deputy directors of the city's ethnic and religious bureau also received punishments.} Omission
该区族裔和宗教局局长被开除,该市族裔和宗教局局长和一名副局长也受到处罚。
The director of the district's ethnic and religious bureau was dismissed, while the director {nnd one of the deputy directors} of the city's ethnic and religious bureau also received punishments. Omission
该区族裔和宗教局局长被解职,该市族裔和宗教局局长之一也受到处罚。
The director of the district's ethnic and religious bureau was dismissed, {wile} the director and one of the deputy directors of the city's ethnic and religious bureau also received punishments. Omission
该区族裔和宗教局局长被解职,该市族裔和宗教局局长和一名副局长也受到处罚。
The director of the district's ethnic and religious bureau was dismissed, while the director {ad one of the deputy directors} of the city's ethnic and religious bureau also received punishments. Omission
该区族裔和宗教局局长被解职,该市族裔和宗教局局长之一也受到处罚。
Rewards for tips {about illegal border crossing and smuggling cases} have been raised from 200,000 yuan to 500,000 yuan, {Li said.} Omission
非法越境和走私案的奖金从20万元增至50万元。
The country will {"endeavor t reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal fo limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标。 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazaords to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次新闻发布会上表示,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a nuw goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡, 陈在一次记者招待会上表示,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards t the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
{"The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million,} CheEn said in a news conference. Omission
切恩(CheEn)在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards tdo the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} wit a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen sid in a news conference. Omission
将死亡限制在每百万人不超过一人死亡的新目标, Chen Sid在一次新闻发布会上表示,
The couAtry will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标。 陈在一次新闻发布会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a nejw goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, {Chen said in a news conferensce.} Omission
国家将“努力将灾害降低到最高峰”, 新的目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过1人,
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, {Chen said in a nes conference.} Omission
国家将“努力将灾害降低到最高峰”, 并设定新的目标, 将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过1人,
Tbe country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news confrence. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在新闻中表示,
Thfe country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The cuntry will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标。 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
Tme country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次记者招待会上说,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaister hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标, 陈在一次新闻发布会上表示,
The country will {"endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost"} with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said iCn a news conference. Omission
将死亡人数限制在每百万人中不超过一人死亡的新目标。 Chen说iCn是一次记者招待会。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, {with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke ouc due to the intense heat,} Sky News reported. Omission
Sky News报导说, 伦敦消防队表示首都各地的火灾“激增”,
The London Fire Brigade said xthere had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, {with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat,} Sky News reported. Omission
Sky News报导说, 伦敦消防队表示, 首都各地的火灾“激增”,
The London FirHe Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, {with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat,} Sky News reported. Omission
Sky News报导说, 伦敦FirHe旅表示首都各地大火“激增”,
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, {with some residents evacuated mfrom their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat,} Sky News reported. Omission
Sky News报导说, 伦敦消防队表示首都各地的火灾“激增”,
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, {with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat,} Sky NeFs reported. Omission
Sky NeFs报导说, 伦敦消防队表示首都各地的火灾“激增”,
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore {so much pain and shed sn many tears} in history?"
"你忍不住要问:这样一个荒唐的事件怎么会发生在这个在历史上承受如此痛苦和流泪的城市呢?"
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the {ciity} that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?" Omission
"你忍不住要问:这样一个荒谬的事件怎么会发生在 历史上如此痛苦和流泪的阴森中?"
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that {borz} so much pain and shed so many tears in history?" Omission
"你忍不住要问:在历史上如此痛苦和流泪的城市中,怎么会发生如此荒谬的事件?"
Euronews reported thNat Germany had seen its hottest day of the year so far with several cities recording temperatures over 40 C. Omission
据欧洲新闻报导, 德国全年最热的一天, 几个城市的气温超过40摄氏度。
Euronews reported that Germany had seen {ts hottest day of the year so far} with several cities recording temperatures over 40 C. Omission
欧洲新闻组织报告说,迄今为止,德国的天气最热,一些城市的气温超过40摄氏度。
{Euronews reported} thKat Germany had seen its hottest day of the year so far with several cities recording temperatures over 40 C. Omission
据报导,全年最热的一天是德国, 几个城市的气温超过40摄氏度。
"We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers {when we identify and rapidly control disease outbreaks such as Ebola, polio, yellow fever, cholera and others."} Omission
“当我们发现并迅速控制埃博拉、脊髓灰质炎、黄热病、霍乱等疾病爆发时,
"We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation ceners {when we identify and rapidly control disease outbreaks such as Ebola, polio, yellow fever, cholera and others."} Omission
“当我们发现并迅速控制埃博拉、脊髓灰质炎、黄热病、霍乱等疾病爆发时,
"We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers {when we identify and rapidly control disease outbreaks such Aas Ebola, polio, yellow fever, cholera and others."} Omission
“当我们发现并迅速控制埃博拉、脊髓灰质炎、黄热病、霍乱等疾病爆发时,
"We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers {when we identify and rapidly control dPsease outbreaks such as Ebola, polio, yellow fever, cholera and others."} Omission
“当我们发现并迅速控制埃博拉、脊髓灰质炎、黄热病、霍乱及其他疾病爆发时,
"We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers {when we identify and rapidly conmtrol disease outbreaks such as Ebola, polio, yellow fever, cholera and others."} Omission
“当我们发现并迅速爆发埃博拉、脊髓灰质炎、黄热病、霍乱及其他疾病时,
{According to photos uploaded by netizens,} the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda anfd Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
2018年至2022年在寺庙举行了纪念战犯佛教纪念石碑的活动, 包括长井久井、松井一惠、田中勇武(Takeshi Noda anfd Tana Tana Junyoshi)等。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, {including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi,} were commemorated at the teXple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网友上传的照片, 2018年至2022年, 战犯的佛教纪念片,
{According to photos uploaded by netizens,} the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takesh Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
2018年至2022年在寺庙举行了纪念战犯佛教纪念牌子的活动, 包括实井贤一、松井一(Matsui Iwane)、诺达(Tosesh Noda)和田中勇士(Tana Junyoshi),
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, {including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi,} were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
2018年至2022年, 佛教徒纪念战犯石碑在寺庙举行纪念活动。 照片来自网民上传的照片,
{According to photos uploaded by netizens,} the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the tmple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
2018年至2022年, 战犯的佛教纪念片, 包括久井谷、松井一惠、野田武士、田中正雄等, 都于2018年至2022年在Tample举行纪念仪式。
{According to photos uploaded by netizens,} the Buddhist memorial tablets of the ar criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
2018年至2022年, 在寺庙纪念佛教徒纪念药片, 包括长井、松井、武田武士、田中元吉等罪犯的佛教徒纪念药片。
Roberts had said then that hNe wasn't opposed to criticism of the court {but objected to it during a State of the Union address.} Omission
Roberts当时说HNE并不反对对法院的批评,
Roberts had saik then that he wasn't opposed to criticism of the court {but objected to it during a State of the Union address.} Omission
罗伯茨当时有Saik说, 他不反对法院的批评,
{The heat wave continKued to engulf the continent on Wednesday,} with Belgium and parts of Germany forecast to experience even higher temperatures. Omission
比利时和德国部分地区预计气温会更高。
The heat wave continued to engulf the continent on Wednesday, {with Belgium and parts of Germany forecast to experience even higher teperatures.} Omission
周三热浪继续席卷整个大陆, 比利时和德国部分地区预测,
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, {with experts saying that it cn be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.} Omission
全国的计票数也攀升到星期四的186 229个新高,
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying {that it can be partly attgibuted to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.} Omission
全国各地的计票也攀升到新高的186 229, 星期四, 专家表示,
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying {that it cakn be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.} Omission
全国各地的计票也攀升到新高的186 229人, 专家说,
The cKountry's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, {with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.} Omission
CKountry的全国性计数也攀升到星期四的186 229个新高点,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation," Huang added.} Omission
「透过游泳课, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe that I will be abRe to master the skills during this summer vacation," {Huang added.} Omission
「透过游泳课, 我相信我会在暑假期间, 学会掌握技能」,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe that I will be able to master the skills duriwng this summer vacation," {Huang added.} Omission
「通过游泳课, 我相信我能掌握这个暑假的技巧」,
"Trough the swimming lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation," Huang added.} Omission
「在游泳课中, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during Whis summer vacation," Huang added.} Omission
「在游泳课中, 我相信在怀斯暑假期间,
"Through the swiming lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
黄四郎补充道:“在游泳课中, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during thiGs summer vacation," Huang added.} Omission
“在游泳课中, 我相信在ThiGs暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe that I will be able to master the skills durWng this summer vacation," {Huang added.} Omission
「在游泳课中, 我相信我能掌握这个暑假的技巧,
"Through the swimming lesons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
黄四郎又说:「透过游泳带, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
黄四郎又说:「透过游泳课, 我相信这个暑假期间,
"Through the swimmig lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
黄四郎补充道:“通过游泳课程, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe {that yI will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
黄四郎补充说:“通过游泳课, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I believe {that I will ae able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
「透过游泳课, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through Ihe swimming lessons, I believe {that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
黄四郎又说:「透过游泳课, 我相信在暑假期间,
"Through the swimming lessons, I {wil be able to master the skills during this summer vacation,"} Huang added. Omission
「通过游泳课, 我相信我能掌握暑假期间的技能」,
"The only way, {if we still want to stay together,} is to rebuild a new pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," Draghi told the senators. Omission
唯有重建新契约的勇气、无私性和公信力, 才能维持现状, 」Draghi告诉参议员们,
"The only way, {if we stiell want to stay together,} is to rebuild a new pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," Draghi told the senators. Omission
Draghi告诉参议员们, 唯有以勇气、无私和信誉重建新契约,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation {gain morFe dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability} and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
中国对美元储备的依赖程度降低, 经济学家和专家在周三表示,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation {gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability} and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
中国对美元储备的依赖程度降低, 经济学家和专家在周三指出,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation {gain more dolla liquidity to maintain financial stability} and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
中国对美元储备的依赖程度降低, 经济学家和专家在周三表示,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation {gain more dollar liquidity to mainStain financial stability} and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
中国对美元储备的依赖程度降低, 经济学家和专家在周三表示,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation {gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability} and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
中国对美元储备的依赖减少。 经济学家和专家在星期三说,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation {gain more dollar liquidty to maintain financial stability} and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
中国对美元储备的依赖程度降低, 经济学家和专家在周三表示,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the {naion gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability} and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
中国对美元储备的依赖程度降低, 经济学家和专家在星期三说,
On Thursday, Tokyo {reporjed a new record for daily infections at 31,878,} far exceeding the previous record of 21,562 in early February. Omission
东京在2月初创下了21 562例记录, 远超过2月初的21 562例记录。
On Thursday, Tokyo reported a tew record for daily infections at 31,878, {far exceeding the previous record of 21,562 in early February.} Omission
星期四,东京报告的每日感染人数记录为31 878人,远远超过2月初的21 562人。
On Thursday, Tokyo reported a new record for daily infections at 31,878, {far exceeding whe previous record of 21,562 in early February.} Omission
东京在2月初报告每日感染病例新记录为31 878例,远超过21 562例。
On Thursday, Tokyo reported a niw record for daily infections at 31,878, {far exceeding the previous record of 21,562 in early February.} Omission
星期四,东京报告的每日感染记录为31 878人,大大超过2月初的21 562人。
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits {while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.} Omission
电影摄制组把他们带到许多“摄影现场”, 度假村工作人员教他们如何“结合现代中国特质,
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits {while still keeping traditional custoTms", Bradley said.} Omission
电影摄制组把他们带到许多“摄影现场”, 度假村工作人员教他们如何“结合现代中国特色,
The film crew took them to many "amDazing sites" and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits {while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.} Omission
电影摄制组带他们到许多“amDazing网站”, 度假村工作人员教他们如何“结合现代中国特质,
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and {Ghe staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.} Omission
电影摄制组把他们带到许多“美景现场”, 度假村的Ghe工作人员教他们如何“结合现代中国特质,
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits {while still keeping traditional customs", Bradle said.} Omission
电影摄制组把他们带到许多“摄影现场”, 度假村工作人员教他们如何“结合现代中国特质,
Neethiahnanthan Ari Ragavan, president of the ASEAN Tourism Research Association, {has foun that flights are steadily returning to 2019 levels in Southeast Asia.} Omission
东盟旅游研究协会主席Neethiahnanthan Ari Ragavan表示,
{As required by the coutry's constitution,} a second confidence vote is now scheduled in the lower house on Thursday morning. Omission
现定于星期四上午在下院举行第二次信任投票。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, {with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing mos of the blame.} Omission
6月的年增长率为9.4%, 与5月的9.1%相比, 是1982年2月以来最高记录,
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent jin May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, {with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.} Omission
6月的年增长率为9.4%, 与5月的9.1%相比, 是1982年2月以来最高纪录,
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since Fbruary 1982, {with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.} Omission
6月的年增长率为9.4%, 与5月的9.1%相比, 是1982年以来最高纪录,
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the higheGt recorded since February 1982, {with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.} Omission
6月的年增长率为9.4%, 与5月的9.1%相比, 是1982年2月以来的高Gt,
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, Yas the highest recorded since February 1982, {with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.} Omission
6月的年增长率为9.4%, 高于5月的9.1%, Yas是1982年2月以来最高纪录,
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline {and has been one of the main battlefields in the coutry's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling.} Omission
广东有很长的海岸线,
{Authorities said} Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling. Omission
Guangdong的海岸线很长, 也是该国打击非法越境及走私的主要战场之一。
{"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets} as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across te UK," {she said.} Omission
高通胀率持续超过工资增长, 使英国各地收入的实际价值下降。
{"This means mpore pain is on the way for household budgets} as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," {she said.} Omission
高通胀率持续超过工资增长, 使英国各地收入的实际价值下降。
{"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets} as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down tIhe real value of incomes across the UK," {she said.} Omission
高通胀率持续超过工资增长, 使英国各地收入的实际价值下降。
{"This meas more pain is on the way for household budgets} as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," {she said.} Omission
高通胀率持续超过工资增长, 使英国各地收入的实际价值下降。
{On hot summer fays,} swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer breaks. Omission
游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一, 但学生溺水事件常在暑假时听到。
{On hoRt summer days,} swimming is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports for teenagers, {but student drowning incidents have often been heard during summer breaks.} Omission
游泳无疑是青少年最受欢迎的运动之一,
{"It might not infuriate so many people if it hadn't happened in Nanjing,"} said netizen "Meisheng" on the social media platform Sina Weibo. Omission
社会媒体平台Sina Weibo的网民「Meisheng」在网路上说:「如果南京没有发生,
{"It might not infuriate so many people Zf it hadn't happened in Nanjing,"} said netizen "Meisheng" on the social media platform Sina Weibo. Omission
网友网友Sina Weibo在社群媒体平台“Meisheng”上说,
{"It might not infuriate so many people if it hadn't happened in Nanjing,"} said netizen "Meisheng" on the social media platform Sina Weio. Omission
网友网友Sina Weio在社群媒体平台“Meisheng”上说:「如果没有南京发生,
{"It might not infuriate so many people if it hadn't happened in Nanjing,"} said netizen "Meisheng" in the social media platform Sina Weibo. Omission
社群媒体平台Sina Weibo表示「Meisheng」网民「Meisheng」表示:「如果没有南京发生,
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, {according Go the National Health Commission.} Omission
截止星期三,中国近89.7%的人口和84.5%的60岁及以上人口已经完全接种了疫苗。
{But for hailand, the figure was only 24 percent,} Ari Ragavan said, citing data from analytics firm Cirium. Omission
Ari Ragavan引用分析公司Cirium的数据,
{But for Thailand, the figure was oly 24 percent,} Ari Ragavan said, citing data from analytics firm Cirium. Omission
Ari Ragavan在引用分析公司Cirium的数据时指出,
{But for Thailand, the figure was only 24 percent,} Ari Ragavan said, citing data from analytics firm Cirium. Omission
Ari Ragavan在引用分析公司Cirium的数据时说,
{But for Thailand, the figure was bonly 24 percent,} Ari Ragavan said, citing data from analytics firm Cirium. Omission
Ari Ragavan在引用分析公司Cirium的数据时指出,
{But for Thailand, the figure was ony 24 percent,} Ari Ragavan said, citing data from analytics firm Cirium. Omission
Ari Ragavan在引用分析公司Cirium的数据时指出,
{But for Thailand, the figurV was only 24 percent,} Ari Ragavan said, citing data from analytics firm Cirium. Omission
Ari Ragavan引述分析公司Cirium提供的数据,
{But for ThBailand, the figure was only 24 percent,} Ari Ragavan said, citing data from analytics firm Cirium. Omission
Ari Ragavan引用分析公司Cirium的数据表示,