对最可观财富的创造者处以几十亿美元的罚款不是我们应该采取的办法。 
The penalty of billions of dollars on the creators of the greatest wealth is not the way we should take.
卢森堡欧洲法院——另一个具有关键重要性的共同机构——也依赖于非政府{间性质}的决策机制。
The Luxembourg European Court – another critical joint body – also depends on a non-governmental decision-making mechanism.
东京——人们以混杂着恐惧和{迷恋}的复杂情绪注视着亿万富翁唐纳德·特朗普在美国总统竞选中崛起。    Omission
TOKYO – People look at the billionaire Donald Trump rising in the U.S. presidential campaign with a mixed fear and confusion of complex emotions.
传统上，日本天皇的访问——除加冕礼和皇室周年庆典以外——标志着双边关系的转折点。
Traditionally, the visit of the Emperor of Japan — in addition to the Crown and the royal anniversary celebrations — marks a shift in bilateral relations.
{&#160;}“人道主义”干预——出于关注人类同胞命运所采取的行动——往往被说成是反映“道德关切”。
The “humanist” intervention – due to the actions taken to focus on the fate of human peoples – is often said to reflect “moral concerns.”
只有在爆发全面危机的情况下，公众观点才有可能真正决定谁成为领袖。 
Only in the event of a comprehensive crisis, the public opinion can truly decide who will be the leader.
例如，应激荷尔蒙血浆皮质醇水平会在夜间升高，而正常情况下应该保持低水平。 
For example, the level of stress hormone plasma cortisol will rise at night, while in normal circumstances it should remain low.
除了不可靠的政府资助之外，俄罗斯以及乌克兰大部分地区的{减轻危害项目都}缺乏一个基本工具：鸦片类物质替代物。    Omission
In addition to unreliable government funding, Russia and most regions of Ukraine lack one basic tool: opium alternatives.
第二次世界大战结束时，全世界只有五座边境墙。 
At the end of World War II, the world had only five border walls.
但它们的反应被普遍弱化了，因为日本成功让美国领头在G-20峰会上提出其政策反应只不过是利用“国内工具”来追求“国内目标”。 
But their reaction was generally weakened as Japan successfully allowed the U.S. leaders to present their policy reaction at the G20 summit simply using "inland tools" to pursue "inland goals".
美国似乎沉迷于布雷顿森林体系无法自拔。 布雷顿森林体系是一套基于规则的秩序，其基础是以美元为核心的IMF和世界银行，出现于二战后。
The Bretton Forest System is a set of rules-based order based on the IMF and the World Bank, which is the core of the dollar, which appeared after the Second World War.
2009年哈梅内伊否决内贾德任命马沙伊为第一副总统的决定后，内贾德公然任命其为参谋长的举动彻底激怒了哈梅内伊。
After Khamenei rejected the decision in 2009 to appoint Mashaï as the first vice president, Khamenei's move to openly appoint him as the Chief of Staff completely angered Khamenei.
类似的安排也可以在其他欧元区国家实行。 
Similar arrangements can also be implemented in other Eurozone countries.
中国看似没有兴趣仿效十九世纪的欧洲列强，也无意仿效二十世纪上半世纪的日本帝国主义。 
China does not appear to be interested in imitating the 19th century European forces, nor does it intend to imitate Japanese imperialism in the first half of the 20th century.
最后，指导努力和评估进展需要可靠的数据支撑。 
Finally, guidance efforts and evaluation of progress require reliable data support.
由于电气化和大规模生产，第二次工业革命催生了全新的社会模式和工作形式。 
Due to electrification and large-scale production, the Second Industrial Revolution triggered a new social model and form of work.
很多人担心尼日尔政变的范例会刺激尼日利亚军队在奥马鲁·亚拉杜瓦总统长期缺位所带来的行政权力危机高潮时采取行动。
Many are concerned that the example of the coup in Nigeria will encourage the Nigerian army to take action in the wake of the administrative power crisis that has led to President Omaru Aradouva’s long-lasting absence.
此外，{那些政界人士}持股较多的公司也更容易赢得政府合同。   Omission
Moreover, companies with more shares are easier to win government contracts.
无论如何，朝鲜大力投资于前线特种部队和其他现代战争的非对称要素，它似乎是在准备进攻，只要能让美国出局，就万事俱备了。 
In any case, North Korea is strongly investing in the unparallel elements of the Front Special Forces and other modern wars, and it seems to be preparing for an attack, as long as it can let the United States go out, ready for everything.
例外最具有说明性。 
Exceptions are most explicit.
美国仍是不可或缺的； 可惜，它让这个概念不再成为责任的根基。 
America is still indispensable; unfortunately, it makes this concept no longer the basis for responsibility.
马来西亚社会现在面临一个根本性的问题，那就是，马来西亚的人口一半以上是穆斯林，国家是否是一个穆斯林国家呢？ 
The Malaysian society is now facing a fundamental question, that is, more than half of the population of Malaysia is Muslim, is the country a Muslim country?
一个广泛存在的观点是犹太人，不管是资本主义者还是共产主义者，绝不会忠诚于本民族以外的事物； 1948年后，“本民族”日益意味着以色列。 
A widespread view is that the Jews, whether they are capitalists or communists, will never be loyal to things beyond their own nation; after 1948, “the own nation” increasingly means Israel.
执政以来，她不但宣誓效忠于宪法，也宣誓效忠于“他”（基什内尔）。 
Since her rule, she has not only sworn faithful to the Constitution, but also sworn faithful to “He” (Kishner).
那些大的成功发展的故事都发生在{如}上海、以及其他可以直通世界市场的港口城市。
These great success stories happen in Shanghai, as well as other port cities that can reach the world market directly.
此外，以专利为目的的研究鼓励保密行为，{企业除}与专利获取有关的信息外概不透露。   Omission
Furthermore, research for patent purposes encourages confidential behavior, and do not disclose information related to patent acquisition.
对于这一论点，有一些严肃的反对理由。
There are some serious objections to this argument.
更加重要的是，即使各国市场在许多方面都并不完全饱和，维持两位数的出口增长是困难的。 
More importantly, even if the markets of the countries are not completely saturated in many ways, it is difficult to maintain a double-digit export growth.
对多数人统治的约束是保护少数群体的必要条件，不管是种族少数群体、宗教少数群体还是知识少数群体。 
The limitation of the rule of the majority is a necessary condition for the protection of minority groups, whether they are ethnic minorities, religious minorities or knowledge minorities.
尽管为了适应无情的国际竞争和飞快的技术发展需要变通和个人责任感，但法国的主流文化仍然讲究援助与权利。 
Despite the need for transformation and personal responsibility to adapt to impatient international competition and rapid technological development, the mainstream culture of France remains concerned with aid and rights.
一般民意认为这种情况是不公平的。
The general opinion is that this situation is unfair.
国际货币基金组织对特定情况下财政乘数可变性的近期研究已经对快速财政调整的成本和有效性提出了严重的质疑。 
International Monetary Fund’s recent study of the variability of financial multiplications in specific circumstances has raised serious doubts about the cost and effectiveness of rapid financial adjustments.
选民支持民粹运动是因为他们认为现有精英没有资格充当他们的代表。 
The voters support the popular movement because they think existing elites are not eligible to serve as their representatives.
这让我们看到了取得进展的希望，但是尽管去年11月份在马里兰州的安那波利斯和平会议上发表了令人鼓舞宣言，和平进程还是出现了倒退。 
This gives us hope for progress, but despite the encouraging declaration issued in November last year at the Annapolis Peace Conference in Maryland, the peace process is still reversed.
将反恐斗争简化为拧紧政治螺丝，加强普京的权力和限制人们在国内的行动是件轻而易举的事。
It is easy to simplify the anti-terrorist struggle into a political spire, to strengthen Putin’s power and to restrict people’s actions in the country.
但尽管存在这些长期趋势，政治和政策现状自2008年以来并未受到多大挑战。 
But despite these long-term trends, the current political and political situation has not been challenged since 2008.
住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前的一半。 
The real level of housing investment is only half before the crisis begins.
美国参与第一次世界大战彻底改变了那种状况，当时的伍德罗·威尔逊打破传统，派遣美国军队赴欧洲作战。 
The U.S. participation in the First World War completely changed that situation, when Woodrow Wilson broke the tradition and sent U.S. troops to Europe to fight.
传统的衡量个体国家全球互联性的方法是比较其全球流与其GDP的规模。 
The traditional method of measuring individual countries’ global interconnectivity is to compare their global flow to the size of their GDP.
面临信用极速扩张的局面，同时肩负着监管银行业责任的央行{因为漫不经心}而被严厉诘问，但当麻烦发生时，它们有因为迅速果断的反应而饱受赞美。   Omission
The central banks, which are faced with a rapid expansion of credit and are responsible for regulating banking responsibilities, are hardly questioned, but when trouble occurs, they are praised for their rapid and decisive response.
这种培养孩子的方式并非与快乐无关：大量的证据显示那些慷慨友善的人对自己的生活更加满意。 
This way of raising children has nothing to do with happiness: a lot of evidence shows that those generous and friendly people are more satisfied with their lives.
此外，在一个全球性媒体和国际战争罪行法庭的时代，国家使用武力的条件变得越来越复杂。 
In addition, in the era of a global media and the international war crimes court, the state's conditions of use of force are becoming increasingly complex.
根本原因可能是乌里韦觉得桑托斯当了总统应该对他投桃报李，而桑托斯觉得他的支持率（很高，但在下跌）是靠自己赢得的，不是乌里韦给的。 
The main reason might be that Uriwe felt that Santos was the president and he should pay a bag to him, while Santos felt that his support rate (very high, but down) was won by himself, not by Uriwe.
在“权利终于回家了{（意指回到了发源地）}”这一{浮夸}和理想主义口号{的映衬}下，英国《人权法案》终于在2000年得以颁布实施。   Omission
Under the glorious and idealistic slogan “the right finally returned home” the British Human Rights Act finally came into force in 2000.
而他也没有独立提出你的新观点，而这些观点十分重要。 
And he does not independently submit your new views, and these views are very important.
布什收拾残局 
Bush has fixed the remains.
而且自全球金融危机爆发以来，黄金价格一直被形容为反映全球经济不稳定态势的晴雨表。
And since the outbreak of the global financial crisis, gold prices have been described as a bright table that reflects the global economic instability.
对于{中印}两国而言，这就更为强化了它们从{波斯}湾以外的国家锁定石油供应的意愿。  Omission
For both countries, this further strengthened their willingness to lock oil supplies from countries outside the Gulf.
这些政策确实降低了政府债券和按揭债券的长期和中期利率。 
These policies actually lower the long-term and medium-term interest rates for government bonds and open-source bonds.
明年的欧洲议会选举将提供一次机会展开关于欧盟未来的根本性讨论。 
The European Parliament elections next year will provide an opportunity for a fundamental debate on the future of the European Union.
这一反应——目前看来几乎是不可避免的——将伤及经济增长、刺激金融波动。 
This reaction – which now seems almost inevitable – will hurt economic growth and stimulate financial volatility.
没有人喜欢把人的生命用钱来衡量，但事实是，我们已经默默地这样做了，例如， 我们没有对在发展中国家工作的组织给予足够的支持。 
No one likes to measure people’s lives with money, but the fact is that we have done it quietly, for example, we don’t give enough support to organizations working in developing countries.
今年欧盟成员国将举行至少七次大选（法国地区选举将于三月举行）。 
This year, the EU member states will hold at least seven general elections (the regional elections in France will be held in March).
如果允许这样的通货膨胀继续并加深的话，可能很容易产生与该地区领导人努力避免的汇率升值一样的有害后果。 
If such inflation is allowed to continue and deepen, it may easily have the same harmful consequences as the exchange rate rise that the region’s leaders are trying to avoid.
正在崛起的新兴当权派极不情愿的达成共识：全球化加剧了阶级分裂，拉大了有资源和有能力利用世界市场者和不具备上述能力者之间的鸿沟。 
The emerging authorities are very unwilling to reach a consensus: globalization is accelerating class divisions, increasing the gap between the world marketers who have resources and are able to exploit and those who do not have the above capabilities.
在任一给定时刻，一些国家可能投票给激进政党，而其他国家则否（或根本没有举行选举）。 
At any given time, some countries may vote for a radical party, while other countries do not (or do not hold any elections at all).
但他对老式社会主义的狂热宣传却迅速流行——令成千上万新党员对已失去众多追随者的政党趋之若鹜。 
But his fanatic propaganda of old-style socialism was rapidly spread—willing thousands of new party members to the political party that has lost many followers.
此外，需要的改革范围太广，超过了大部分发展中国家的实施能力。 
Furthermore, the scope of reforms required is too wide and exceeds the implementation capacity of most developing countries.
{还有人担心国家安全。} 如果“我们的”港口和安全产业或者其他“战略性”公司被中国、俄国或者沙特接管，那将会发生什么事情？   Omission
What would happen if “our” ports and security industries or other “strategic” companies were taken over by China, Russia or Saudi Arabia?
因此，医生和律师的收入通常要比劳动力高出5倍，而不会像如今那样高出10倍甚至10倍以上。 
Therefore, the income of doctors and lawyers is usually five times higher than the labour force, and not ten times or even more than the current.
相反，非洲政治领导人或许应该抑制预期，同时致力于加快结构转型速度和增加社会包容度。 
On the contrary, African political leaders may need to suppress expectations while committed to accelerating structural transformation and increasing social inclusion.
看看2014年西非埃博拉危机或2003年“非典”爆发所造成的全球影响吧，就连新加坡和加拿大这样的富裕经济体也受到了波及。 
Look at the global impacts of the 2014 West African Ebola crisis or the 2003 “Classic” eruption, even wealthy economies like Singapore and Canada have been affected.
发展中国家——特别是中国和印度——将会是21世纪主要的温室气体排放国——但是，因为在西方国家的工业化时期，发展中国家排放的温室气体非常少，所以《京都议定书》豁免了它们的减排义务。 
The developing countries – especially China and India – will be the major greenhouse gas emissions of the 21st century – but because the greenhouse gas emissions of the developing countries were very few during the industrialization period of the Western countries, the Kyoto Protocol is exempt from their obligation to reduce emissions.
乙醇的价格受到人为干预，使其与汽油相比成为一项有吸引力的选择。 
The price of ethanol is humanly interfered, making it an attractive choice compared to petrol.
非洲经济图景的主要特征——由微型企业、家庭生产和非官方活动组成的非正式部门在吸收日益增长的城市劳动力并充当社会安全网。 
The main characteristic of the African economic picture is that the informal sector, which consists of micro-entreprises, household production and informal activities, absorbs increasing urban labour and serves as a social security network.
政策制定者不愿意走这条路，这是可以理解的。 
The policy makers don’t want to go this path, that’s understandable.
这一宗教团结原则也扩展到摩洛哥的军事医院部署，不仅出现在马里，也出现在其他冲突地区，比如{约旦就有}服务叙利亚难民的摩洛哥军事医院。   Omission
This principle of religious solidarity also extends to Morocco’s military hospitals, not only appearing in Mali, but also in other conflict areas, such as the Morocco’s military hospital, which serves Syrian refugees.
东盟与中国、日本、印度、韩国、澳大利亚和新西兰签署了自由贸易协定（FTA），并成立了一个东盟经济共同体。 
ASEAN has signed a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) with China, Japan, India, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand and established an ASEAN Economic Community.
我们面临的任务十分艰巨。 
The task we face is very difficult.
1997年，他创办了"祖国道德重生社会委员会"。 
In 1997 he founded the "Motherland Moral and Social Renewal Committee".
未来几百年的地球居民将居住在更热的世界中，面临更高的海平面，更少的适耕土地和更极端的飓风、干旱和洪水。
In the coming centuries, Earth’s inhabitants will live in a warmer world, facing higher sea levels, fewer land and more extreme hurricanes, droughts and floods.
{8%。} 因此，普京更加不愿意在领土问题上让步，唯恐玷污其俄罗斯国家利益坚定捍卫者的国内形象。 
Therefore, Putin is more unwilling to give up on territorial matters, only afraid to ruin the internal image of the firm defenders of his Russian national interests.
东京—公元四世纪，日本天皇从皇宫附近的一座小山丘上远眺，注意到少了点什么：寻常人家升起的炊烟。 
Tokyo – In the fourth century BC, the Japanese Emperor looked away from a small hill near the Royal Palace and noticed something that was missing: the usual people raised a cooking smoke.
而那些雄心勃勃的政治人物——从英国脱欧公投的领袖到美国共和党总统候选人唐纳·德特朗普（Donald Trump）——则不约而同地选择去忽视事实。 
And those ambitious politicians—from the leader of the Brexit referendum to the US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump—do not agree to choose to ignore the fact.
或许诚然如此。 
Maybe it is true.
而油价并非俄罗斯唯一的问题。 
The price of oil is not the only issue in Russia.
从安全角度看，没有美国的欧洲将相当孤立，不管对何种性质的威胁来说都是如此。 
From a security point of view, Europe without the United States will be quite isolated, no matter what kind of threat it is.
要增加商业银行的准备金，历史上美联储使用的办法是公开市场操作，从前者手中购买美国国债。 
To increase the reserves of the commercial banks, the method used by the Federal Reserve in history was to open market operations, to buy U.S. state debt from the first.
而且，许多同盟国家没能完成将GDP的2%作为防卫预算的目标，这加剧了这个难题，并且扩大了与那些在可用和可部署军队上投入的同盟国家的军{力}差距。    Omission
Moreover, many allies have failed to accomplish the goal of putting 2% of their GDP as a defence budget, which exacerbates this difficulty and expands the military gap with the allies that are investing in available and deployable armies.
事实上，几十年来，查尔顿·赫斯顿（Charlton Heston）、韦恩·拉皮埃尔（Wayne LaPierre）和其他炙手可热的美国步枪协会（National {Rifle} Association）领导人一直告诉美国人，{除此之外}没有更好的保护自己和家庭的方法。{ 目前美国人拥有超过3亿支枪支。}   Omission
Indeed, for decades, the leaders of Charlton Heston, Wayne LaPierre and other hot American Arms Association have told the Americans that there is no better way to protect themselves and their families.
尽管美国存在深刻的意识形态分歧，但仍有希望之光。 
Despite the deep ideological differences in the United States, there is still a light of hope.
但近来的基因研究却明白无误的驳斥了他的观点。 
But recent genetic studies realize that he has rejected his view without mistake.
亚洲国家无不清楚地意识到自身作为投资者和贸易伙伴日益扩大的全球影响，他们清楚地意识到自己既是环境变化的始作俑者，也无时无刻不在受到环境变化的影响。
Asian countries are unclearly aware of the growing global influence of themselves as investors and trade partners, and they are clearly aware that they are both the initiators of environmental change and are not ever and ever affected by environmental change.
在计划生育和妇科医疗方面（如在撒哈拉以南非洲和南亚地区提供紧急避孕服务）支出39亿美元，可以避免140万婴儿死亡和142000桩与妊娠相关的妇女死亡。 
$3.9 billion spending on family planning and gynecology (such as providing emergency contraception services in southern Sahara Africa and South Asia) could prevent 1.4 million baby deaths and 142,000 pregnancy-related women deaths.
国际社会{压力}巨大的关注之声迫切要求在12月于哥本哈根召开的联合国气候峰会上通过一个严肃且意义重大的二氧化碳减排条约，并协助某些成为众矢之的国家举手同意。    Omission
The voice of great concern for the international community calls for urgent adoption of a serious and significant carbon dioxide reduction treaty at the UN Climate Summit in Copenhagen in December, and to help some of the countries that are becoming popular to raise their hands on the agreement.
尽管对外宣称战略支点向亚洲转移，{奥巴马}总统政府并未采取多少行动来阻止中国越来越高调地宣称对东南中国海的领土要求或朝鲜对朝鲜半岛{现状的公开挑战。}    Omission
Despite foreign claims that strategic shifts are transferred to Asia, the President's administration has not taken a lot of action to prevent China from increasingly expressing territorial demands to the Southeast China Sea or the North Korean state of the Korean Peninsula.
但不管美国国内的政治和政策制定是如何错综复杂，美国人其实并不善于这一点。
But no matter how complicated the policy and policy making in the United States is, the Americans are not really good in doing so.
与此同时，中国各大银行有40%的储蓄无法转化成贷款。 
At the same time, 40 percent of the savings of major banks in China cannot be converted into loans.
但当今世界已是个多极化的世界，它再也不是大西洋两岸的经济体所主导的那个世界了，因此，这些经济体也不应该继续垄断布雷顿森林体系里最重要的两个机构的领导职位。 
But today’s world is a multipolar world, it’s no longer the world dominated by the economies on both sides of the Atlantic, so these economies should not continue to monopoly the leadership of the two most important institutions in the Bretton Forest System.
从这一背景看，最近的示威削弱了伊朗改革派对希望的垄断，在政府的新自由主义政策（旨在解决伊朗的经济问题）及其深化群众支持的目标之间钉入了一枚{楔子}。   Omission
From this perspective, recent demonstrations have weakened the hope monopoly of the Iranian Reform Party, putting a gap between the government’s neo-liberal policies (to solve Iran’s economic problems) and its goals to deepen the support of the crowds.
此外，ECB的首席经济学家Otmar Issing预测，随着通货膨胀的可能性增加，长期利率将走高，而非下降。 
Furthermore, ECB’s chief economist Ottmar Issing predicts that the long-term interest rates will go up rather than down as the possibility of inflation increases.
外交政策方面，预计智利会对古巴独裁政权和委内瑞拉总统 乌戈·查韦斯采取更严厉的态度，并同时继续奉行与阿根廷和巴西友好往来及与玻利维亚就原有地区争端继续谈判的政策。 
In terms of foreign policy, Chile is expected to take a stronger attitude towards the Cuba dictatorship and the President of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez, while continuing to pursue a policy of friendship with Argentina and Brazil and continuing negotiations with Bolivia on the original regional dispute.
但金融改革在衰退期间很难推行，这时的主要任务是重振增长。 
But financial reforms are difficult to pursue during the recession, where the main task was to restore growth.
俄国一方面表示有可能行使否决权，另一方面，其当前的战略是通过促成组织一个新的前往科索沃的真相调查团来尽可能地拖延安理会表决，几乎随之而来的将会是重新坚持再一次谈判解决问题。 
Russia, on the one hand, said it is possible to exercise the right to vote, and on the other hand, its current strategy is to delay the vote of the Security Council as much as possible by promoting the organization of a new Truth Investigation Group to Kosovo, which will almost follow to re-establish a negotiating solution.
那时我们根本不需要强迫（或补贴）人们停用化石燃料。 
At that time, we don’t need to force (or subsidize) people to stop using fossil fuels.
但1989年以后的西方援助，特别是美英两国的援助，降低了多数后共产主义国家向民主、法治和市场经济转型的难度。
But Western aid after 1989, especially the aid from the U.S. and the UK, reduced the difficulty of the majority of post-communist countries toward democracy, the rule of law and the market economy.
这些发现，加上婴儿硬脑膜发育不成熟，表明新生儿脑膜出血可能是天然保护机制——为了防止正常劳作和分娩时压力波动造成血液回流大脑血管。 
These findings, along with the un mature development of the baby's hard membrane, indicate that newborn membrane bleeding may be a natural protective mechanism - to prevent normal work and pressure fluctuations during childbirth causing blood to the brain's blood vessels.
在其他国家，政策制定者们在多年以前就为银行业现代化制定了路线图并从那时开始就强化了竞争—这对于顾客和银行都是有益的。 
In other countries, policy makers have developed a roadmap for banking modernization many years ago and have since strengthened competition—which has been beneficial for both customers and banks.
当然，指责别人永远比自我批评容易。 
Of course, accusing others is always easier than self-criticism.
乐观的看法是只要那些兜售专长的人为赢得有识之士（即大众传媒）的注意而拼命竞争，那么市场机制就一定能够控制质量。 
The optimistic view is that as long as those who sell the expertise are hardly competing for the attention of the wise people (i.e. the mass media), then the market mechanism will definitely be able to control the quality.
这些制裁可以削弱朝鲜与中国的大部分贸易，而这是金正恩的经济命脉所在。 
These sanctions could weaken most of the trade between North Korea and China, which is Kim Jong-un’s economic life.
用水也是必须解决的问题。
Water is also a problem to be solved.
而在眼科部这个致力于恢复人们视力——也是眼界——的地方发现某种潜在未来的象征也是非常恰当的。 
And it is also very appropriate to find some potential future symbols in the eye department, which is dedicated to restoring people’s vision – and the perspective of the eye.
早期锡安主义的务实智慧很容易解释：与反闪族的“犹太势力”的{陈词滥调}相反，锡安主义是弱势民族的民族主义运动，这个民族因为压迫和大屠杀而饱受摧残，如果在抉择时刻做出了错误的选择，可能遭遇{灭族}之灾。   Omission
The pragmatic wisdom of early Zionism is easily explained: contrary to the expression of anti-Flash’s “Jewish Power”, Zionism is a nationalist movement of the weak peoples, which is destroyed by repression and massacre, and that if the wrong choice is made at the time of the election, it may suffer a disaster.
而作为对手方的欧盟成员国则应当意识到，因为主权集中的收益大过成本，它们作为主权国家自愿选择了整合。 
As opponents, the EU member states should be aware that, as sovereign-centric profits exceed the cost, they have voluntarily chosen to integrate as sovereign-state.
这样就只剩下债务偿还及分配问题了。
There is only the issue of debt repayment and allocation.
迅速实施全国规模的方案是最理想的情况。
Fast implementation of a national scale program is the ideal situation.
法国人不在乎他们从未能够清楚阐明他们对“第三种办法”的看法，因为他们坚信法国在驾驭市场中要扮演着重要的、在单纯追求物质主义中维护“更高的”价值观的角色。 
The French do not care that they could never clearly explain their views of the “third way” because they are firmly convinced that France plays an important role in driving the market, in simply pursuing materialism, in preserving the “higher” values.
现在轮到了中国。 
Now is China’s turn.
法国新总理瓦尔斯也反对紧缩。 
The new French Prime Minister, Wales, also opposed the recession.
投资于低收入国家的企业也需要员工保持良好的健康状况。 
Companies investing in low-income countries also need employees to maintain good health.
事实上，实施国国内观点的巨大差异也常常破坏制裁。 
In fact, huge differences in the implementation of domestic views also often violate sanctions.
幸运的是，国际移民组织今天将加入联合国体系。 
Fortunately, the International Immigration Organization will join the United Nations system today.
一个和平的地区秩序对于美国和以色列而言利益攸关，它们无法坚持拒绝考验叙利亚总统阿萨德当前的和平攻势。
A peaceful regional order is of interest to the United States and Israel, and they cannot persist in refusing to test the current peaceful attack of Syrian President Assad.
果真如此吗？ 
Is that really so?
阻止核武器扩散，促进能源更有效地利用，对气候变化采取措施以及维护开放的全球经济——这些以及其它的工作{都}需要中国的参与，甚至是合作，如果我们不想全球化压倒我们的话。  Omission
To prevent the spread of nuclear weapons, to promote more efficient use of energy, to take action against climate change and to maintain an open global economy—these and other work require China’s involvement, and even cooperation, if we don’t want globalization to overcome us.
慕尼黑—欧元给欧洲带来了一场收支平衡危机，一如20世纪20年代的金本位。
Munich-euro brings Europe a balance crisis, like the 20th century gold base.
革命后上台的伊朗领导层是由数量较小的统治阶层和大量的支持者组成，而这些支持者则被任命去掌控政府的官僚机构以及执行政治动员工作。
The post-revolutionary leadership of Iran was made up of a small number of ruling classes and a large number of supporters, who were appointed to control government bureaucracies and carry out political mobilization.
准备迎接停滞 
Ready for stagnation.
问题在于，近几年来中国金融部门累积了大量风险，到去年年底，广义货币（M2）总量膨胀到110. 7万亿元，接近GDP的两倍。 
The problem is that China’s financial sector has accumulated significant risks in recent years, and by the end of last year, the total currency (M2) expanded to 110.7 trillion yuan, almost twice the GDP.
最后，赞成养殖的说法假设商业养殖将最终以低于偷猎者的价格提供犀牛角产品。 
Finally, the claim of the farming supposes the assumption that commercial farming will eventually provide rhinoceros products at a lower price than the thieves.
与常见的误解不同，德国总理默克尔今年之所以让一百万左右的难民进入德国，不是基于{人口因素上的}自利行为，而是基于道德价值。  Omission
Unlike common misunderstandings, German Prime Minister Merkel's reason to bring about a million refugees to Germany this year is not based on self-profit behaviors, but on moral values.
而根据旨在改善世界各地医疗体系质量和普及程度的全民健康覆盖2030联盟的数据，受援国在建立更加有效的预算框架方面所做的工作远远超过国际上其他国家。 
According to data from the 2030 Alliance for Public Health Coverage, which aims to improve the quality and popularity of health systems worldwide, the work of the beneficiary countries in creating a more effective budgetary framework is far more than the work of other countries internationally.
在民众强烈抵制提高能源成本的时代，这很可能是推进巴黎目标最有效——更不用说政治上最明智的——政策方法。 
In a time when people are strongly opposed to increasing energy costs, this is probably the most effective – and not the most politically intelligent – policy approach to advance the Paris targets.
我还从来没有听说过哪家法院确认枪击逃跑的抢劫者是必要但却是不适度的国际版本的案例。 
I’ve never heard of any court that confirms that the thieves who flee the shooting are a necessary but unmoderate international version of the case.
切尔克索夫公开表示绝望，承认普京通过把俄国政府置于安全部门控制之下来创新振作政府是失败的。
Churchill openly expressed his disappointment and recognized that Putin failed to innovate the government by putting the Russian government under the control of the security sector.
更为重要的是，一个据称为促进民主的工程{却}在联合国拒绝民主进程。 {这并非吉兆。}  Omission
More importantly, a project that is said to promote democracy refuses the democratic process in the United Nations.
对能源生产等新兴公海产业则没有治理框架可言。 
There is no governance framework for emerging open sea industries such as energy production.
大多数观察家都将朝鲜最近的挑衅行为归隐于平壤当局的权力更替。 
The majority of observers have hidden the recent provocation of North Korea to the power replacement of Pyongyang authorities.
此外，作家纳吉（Ahmed Naji）最近被判两年徒刑，因为他“行为不端”，在他的小说中进行露骨的性描写。 
Additionally, writer Ahmed Naji has recently been sentenced to two years in prison for his "unfair behavior" in his novels to make open sex descriptions.
一个不祥的新词已经悄悄潜入生命科学和生物制药研究：“生物安全”（biosecirity）。 
A bad new word has silently swallowed into life sciences and biofarmaceutical research: “biosecirity”.
这可能只是一厢情愿。 
This may be just a desire.
总之，银行和政府把手中资金的35％投资给国有企业，但只有10％投资于私人公司。 
In short, banks and governments invest 35% of their funds in state-owned enterprises, but only 10% in private companies.
但离岸风电价格昂贵，以至于其补贴至少是常规电力交易成本的三倍，甚至比太阳能电力还高，而后者在英国从未获得优势。
But offshore wind power prices are so expensive that its subsidies are at least three times the cost of conventional power transactions, even higher than solar power, which has never gained an advantage in the UK.
新老左派之间的不同之处包括改善反贫困计划、扩大住房和财产权利、进行有效的土地改革、发展教育、科学和技术，以及最重要的，加强拉美地区几   年来不曾有过的民主、人权和法治{建设。}  Omission
The differences between the New Old Left include improving the anti- poverty programmes, expanding the rights to housing and property, conducting effective land reforms, developing education, science and technology, and, most importantly, strengthening democracy, human rights and the rule of law that has never existed in Latin America for many years.
布莱尔的价值观而非利益之战已经越来越像是{打着}道义的{名义图}己之便利{¾}在某种意义上和富国政府利用人权给他们长期控制世界银行和国际货币基金组织这样的机构找合理性{是一个道理。}  Omission
Blair’s values rather than the struggle of interest have become more and more like the morality of self-facility in a sense and the righteous government uses human rights to give them a long-term control of such institutions as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund to find reasonability.
欧元是欧洲一体化的象征。 
The euro is a symbol of European integration.
不过和欧盟不同，多米尼加共和国并不是一个经济巨人，没有能力独自承担起从圣经赤贫中挽救海地的责任。 
But unlike the European Union, the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant and is unable to take on its own responsibility to save Haiti from biblical poverty.
{然后她们继续进行。} 她们根据说明转换用品和角色，第一个护士读档案的内容：“Alexa Holmes，A型血”，第二个读袋子上的文字：“A型血”。  Omission
They, according to the description of the conversion of goods and roles, the first nurse read the content of the file: "Alexa Holmes, A-type blood", and the second read the text on the bag: "A-type blood".
正是这一点才需要改变。
This is exactly what needs to be changed.
但液压裂解技术却实现了供应快速增长，以致于这些设施现在转而用于出口液化天然气。 
But hydraulic split technology has achieved rapidly growing supply, so that these facilities are now converted to use for the export of liquid natural gas.
有人说为了避免违约，私人债权人应当同意承担一部分援助成本。 
Some say that in order to avoid breaches, private creditors should agree to bear part of the aid costs.
坚不可摧的冷漠是危机的核心问题。 
The irreversible discretion is the core issue of the crisis.
国际金融机构应当发挥什么样的作用才能促成有效的结局？ 
What role should international financial institutions play in order to promote a effective end?
我们是否还在进化？  
Are we still evolving?
例如，企图在俄国移植自由市场理念造成灾难性后果。  
For example, the attempt to transplant the concept of the free market in Russia has disastrous consequences.
我们可以通过分析自习近平就职后做出的一系列重要任命来推测。 
We can guess by analyzing a series of important appointments made after Xi Jinping took office.
{无独有偶，}在第一、二次世界大战前国际关系恶化的标志就是各国政府{日渐}将经济学作为权力政治的工具的倾向。  Omission
A sign of the deterioration of international relations before the First and Second World War is the tendency of governments to use economics as a tool for power politics.
诸如韩国、台湾以及日本等其他的儒家社会，如今都已拥有繁荣的自由民主制度，人们没有理由相信：中国不可能经历这种转型。
Confucian societies such as South Korea, Taiwan and Japan have a prosperous liberal democracy system, and there is no reason to believe that China cannot experience this transformation.
根据有人援引的哈马斯其他领导人的说法，哈马斯会“使用武力解除封锁”。 
According to citations from other Hamas leaders, Hamas will “use force to dismantle the blockade.”
这是一个真正的改革尝试，一个前所未有的创意新经济制度的试验，并非重回往昔的资本主义。 
This is a real reform attempt, a trial of an unprecedented creative new economic system, not a return to the old capitalism.
{也许人们}可以理解为共同货币“迫使”政策最终{趋同。}   Omission
Per it can be understood that the common currency “forced” policy ends up.
一个主要原因是汽油和其他能源价格下降。 
One of the main reasons is the price of petrol and other energy decreases.
我们需要对大部分潜在高效药品和疫苗进行临床测试，也需要重新规划蓝图，构想新的策略。 
We need to conduct clinical tests on most potentially effective drugs and vaccines, and we need to re-planning the blueprint and conceive new strategies.
尽管其研究的科学准确性正在同时接受不同的调查，但是，审查其伦理含义的重要性一点也不逊色。
Although the scientific accuracy of its research is being studied simultaneously, the importance of reviewing its ethical significance is no less.
西方领导的基础设施银行留下了大量有问题的贷款和工程，质疑改革现有机构、认为需要新的基础设施银行是合理的。 
The Western-led infrastructure bank has left a lot of problematic loans and projects, questioning the reform of existing institutions and believing the need for new infrastructure banks is reasonable.
还有一种是加强彼此之间的联盟和友谊，准备面对原有伙伴和20世纪40年代后一直奉行的自由主义国际秩序因“美国第一”原则而被打破。 
Another is to strengthen each other’s alliance and friendship, to be prepared to face the former partner and the liberalistic international order that has continued since the 1940s, to be broken by the “America First” principle.
但通过观察一连串事件并运用物理学的逻辑，某些情节的重要组成部分是可以为我们所理解的。 
But by observing a series of events and applying the logic of physics, important components of certain circumstances can be understood for us.
由于增长相对缓慢，公司的利润率——这是影子银行系统资产池的收益来源——很低且一直在下降。
Due to the relatively slow growth, the company’s profit rate – which is the source of profit for the shadow banking system assets – was low and continued to decline.
考虑到土耳其的地理规模（是德国的两倍大但人口相同），确保所有学生不论身居何处、社会经济地位如何都能获得良好的教育一直是一项挑战。
Given the geographical size of Turkey (two times the size of Germany but the same population), ensuring that all students have a good education, no matter where they live or how socio-economic they are, has always been a challenge.
泛美开发银行和美国政府必须为他们的行为承担责任，并实施必要的透明度机制来保证这样的权利滥用不再发生。 美国国会质询和政府责任办公室对财政部的年度审查可以为防止以后对泛美开发银行及其资金的政治滥用提供必要的监督。 
The Pan-American Development Bank and the U.S. government must take responsibility for their actions and implement the necessary transparency mechanisms to ensure that such abuse of rights is no longer occurring.The U.S. Congress Questions and Government Responsibility Office’s annual review of the Ministry of Finance can provide the necessary supervision to prevent subsequent political abuse of the Pan-American Development Bank and its funds.
”照此看，现在要么应该提出关于融资如何能绕过现代金融（及其负阿尔法值）疏通到实体经济的创造性思路，要么风险已经消失殆尽了。
From this point of view, it should now either be proposed the creative idea of how financing can escape the modern finance (and its negative alpha values) to the real economy, or the risk has disappeared.
一方面，由于议定书只涉及到本世纪中叶排放全世界温室气体大约一半的国家，因此它并不是针对全球气候变暖危险的长期有效的防备措施。
On the one hand, since the protocol concerns only about half of the world’s greenhouse gas emissions in the middle of this century, it is not a long-term and effective warning measure against global warming hazards.
斗争的双方分别是“忠实的激进主义者”和更加腐败和注重实效的毛拉们。 “忠实的激进主义者”的领袖是内贾德，获得年轻的第二代革命者拥戴。
The two sides of the struggle were "faithful radicals" and more corrupt and more focused on the effectiveness of the Maura.The leader of "faithful radicals" was Najad, who got the back of the young second generation of revolutionaries.
中国威胁论，第二部？ 
The Chinese Threat Theory, Part 2?
幸运的是，在2015年 ——一个全球承诺的分水岭 ——全球领袖们将全球海洋的保护和恢复设为新联合国发展议程的一个重要组成部分，并以17项所谓可持续发展目标为其构筑了基础。 
Fortunately, in 2015, the global leaders – a globally committed breakthrough – set the protection and restoration of the global ocean as an important part of the new UN Development Agenda and built the foundation of 17 so-called Sustainable Development Goals.
基于真实{人均}医保支出变化和稳定水平失业率之间的关系，最新一期的《总统经济报告》认为衰退和复苏无力只能解释不到两成的2007年以来医疗支出减速，对2002年开始的减速{解释力}就更低了。
Based on the relationship between real health insurance expenditure changes and stable unemployment rates, the latest edition of the Presidential Economic Report states that recession and recovery failure can only explain less than two percent of the decrease in medical expenditure since 2007 and less than the decrease in 2002.
在一些人看来，英国甚至先于意大利这样有 “亲欧洲”传统的{国家}签署这项条约，只能进一步说明{这项条约}在加速欧洲的统一{步伐方面}缺乏新鲜而大胆的创意。   Omission
For some, Britain, even before Italy, which has a “pro-European” tradition, signed the treaty, can only further explain the lack of a fresh and bold idea to accelerate the unification of Europe.
而印度教，基督教和佛教则缺乏这类动因，这也是政治恐怖主义大都与穆斯林有关的原因。 
And Hinduism, Christianity, and Buddhism lack this motivation, which is also the reason why political terrorism is mostly associated with Muslims.
这种转移支付从就不是这一经济和货币联盟的特点，欧洲央行显然也不具备强制推动该联盟根本性变革的职权——尤其是在这些变化只有利于一个国家集团的情况下。 
This transfer payment has never been characteristic of this economic and monetary union, and the European Central Bank is clearly not entitled to force the union to make fundamental changes – especially when these changes are only in favour of a single group of countries.
但他们仍反复强调这一点。  
But they still repeatedly emphasize this.
答案是明显的：俄国人将会兴奋不已，暗地里为波兰的双胞胎兄弟领导人弹冠相庆。 
The answer is clear: the Russians will be excited to celebrate the Crown of the Polish Twin Brother Leaders in the dark.
但总体政策组合只是次优水平，前瞻财政整合和非常规货币政策（随着时间的推移，这一政策效果越来越差）{过多}。    Omission
But the overall portfolio of policy is just a suboptimal level, a forward-looking financial integration and an irregular monetary policy (the effect of this policy is getting worse over time).
也门还有救吗？ 
Is there a rescue in Yemen?
由于大多数人的收入停滞不前，而且由于其房贷压力增加收入遭到侵蚀，消费必定下降，造成增长和就业更加缓慢。
Because the income of most people is stagnant, and the increased income is eroded due to their housing pressure, consumption must decline, causing growth and employment to be slower.
这部分地反映了一个存在的威胁，即2001年9月11日恐怖袭击向大量人民所展示的那个。 
This partly reflects an existing threat, the one demonstrated by the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 to a large number of people.
事实上，它已经制定了一个详细战略将家庭天然气消费降低一大半，计划拆分腐败的天然气垄断商国家天然气公司并摆脱对俄罗斯的能源依赖。
In fact, it has developed a detailed strategy to reduce domestic gas consumption by a majority, plans to dissolve the corrupt natural gas monopoly of the National Gas Company and get rid of energy dependence on Russia.
欧洲进行了可怕的宗教战争，两次世界大战以及不只一次的大屠杀，来解决其在边界和民族主义上的地方性争端。 
Europe has carried out a terrible religious war, two world wars, and not just a massacre, to resolve its border and nationalist local disputes.
尽管生产效率增长强劲，但是工资却停滞不前，而贸易赤字创下新的记录。 
Despite the strong growth in productivity, wages remain stable, and trade deficits create new records.
它现在的弱点主要都反映了其有缺陷的政策和制度安排。 
Its current weaknesses mainly reflect its defective policy and institutional arrangements.
在课程结束时学生都要提交研究论文去评估哪些候选国可能成为下一个日本。 
At the end of the course, students must submit a research thesis to evaluate which candidates may be the next Japanese.
那么，黄金价格的跳水——从2011年8月的1,900美元/盎司跌到2013年7月初的1,250美元/盎司——就代表着人们对全球经济投下了信任票吗？ 
So, is the jumping of the gold price – from the fall of $1,900 per ounce in August 2011 to the fall of $1,250 per ounce in early July 2013 – a sign of the people’s vote of trust in the global economy?
这些边境控制应该是临时性的，并且其他绝大多数边境仍保持开放。 
These border controls should be temporary, and the vast majority of the other borders remain open.
而法国总统弗朗索瓦•奥朗德（François Hollande）看起来恰恰是这一伪君子病的典型代表，他反复许下无法兑现的政治承诺，一部分原因是出自于他本人无法控制的因素{&mdash;&mdash;}也就是欧洲货币联盟(EMU)&mdash;&mdash;但更主要的，还是因为优柔寡断，缺乏决心。   Omission
And French President François Hollande appears to be exactly the typical representative of this false monkey disease, which he repeatedly promised not to fulfill political promises, partly because of the factors he himself cannot control, that is, the European Monetary Union (EMU)&mdash;&mdash; but more importantly, or because of humility and lack of determination.
试回想一下可口可乐与{百事}可乐这个两个截然相反的例子。   Omission
Take a look at the two very opposite examples of Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola.
为了防止世界被分裂成少数高端程序员和大量工人的两个极端，他希望那些有可能将来沦为机械工人的人不要在大学里修读简单的文科课程。
In order to prevent the world from being divided into two extremes of a minority of high-end programmers and a large number of workers, he wants those who are likely to become mechanical workers not to study simple arts courses at the university.
其次，各国应该齐心协力修订管理贸易的国际规则，将变化的经济条件考虑在内，并有效地实施商定的协议。 
Second, the countries should work together to amend the international rules for the management of trade, to take into account the changing economic conditions and to effectively implement the agreements agreed.
苹果也因此累积了高达2300亿美元的免税现金储备。
Apple has also accumulated up to $230 billion of tax-free cash reserves.
卡梅伦个人并不希望英国离开欧盟，但他知道，未来英国政府要想解决这一问题，需要某种形式的民主赞成。 
Cameron personally doesn’t want Britain to leave the EU, but he knows that the future British government needs some form of democratic support to solve this problem.
他下结论说，欧洲央行必须通过降息刺激增长。 降息能够让欧元更有竞争力，从而增加净出口。 
He concluded that the European Central Bank must stimulate growth by reducing interest rates.The reduction of interest rates can make the euro more competitive and thus increase net exports.
尽管全世界和德国一样资本净额都在增长，{但不管怎样，}对许多德国人来说，他们此刻目睹着的资本重组其实毫无意义。  Omission
Despite the growth of the net capital in the world as well as in Germany, for many Germans, the reorganization of capital they are currently witnessing is indeed meaningless.
东盟各国可以在灾难应对，维和以及海洋合作事务等领域开展广泛合作并制定共同的政策和行动计划。
ASEAN countries can cooperate broadly and develop common policies and action plans in the fields such as catastrophic response, peace and maritime cooperation.
因此，阿布扎比王储谢赫·穆罕默德·本·扎耶德（Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed）为消灭疟疾（Roll Back Malaria）合作基金捐赠3,000万美元。{ 消灭疟疾基金会是最重要的全球疟疾防治计划。}  Omission
Thus, Abu Dhabi Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed donated $30 million to the Roll Back Malaria Cooperation Fund.
虽然过去南非的政治争论也相当激烈，但强有力的领导层以及利益相关者的参与使社会伙伴关系找到了共同点。 
Although political debates in South Africa have been quite intense in the past, strong leadership and stakeholders’ involvement have brought social partnerships to a common point.
只有发达经济体和新兴市场经济体采取强有力、协同并且有效的政策行动，才能确保全球经济在2010年复苏，而不是进入一个更加漫长的经济滞胀期。 
Only the developed economies and emerging market economies can take strong, co-operative and effective policy actions to ensure the global economy is recovering in 2010 instead of entering a longer period of economic recession.
在长达数十年依赖资源租金后，这些政府必须不仅转向新的增长模式，而且转向更具代表性的治理制度。 
After decades of reliance on resource lease, these governments have not only to move towards new growth patterns, but also to a more representative governance system.
尽管印度的专业化水平远高于20世纪90年代初的美国，但随着时间的推移两国逐渐趋于一致。 
Although India’s level of specialization was far higher than the U.S. in the early 1990s, the two countries tended to become consistent over time.
在2007年，与此相反，法国民众的很大一部分通过把票投给“极中间派”，也就贝鲁来表达对体制的不满，而这就构成了切实的进步。 
In 2007, on the contrary, a large portion of the French people expressed dissatisfaction with the system by voting for the “extreme intermediate” in Beirut, which was a real progress.
{《柳叶刀》}去年发表的数据显示，全球最麻烦的十大疾病在男性中间比在女性中间更加常见，且差距很大。  Omission
The data published last year show that the world’s ten most problematic diseases are more common among men than among women, and the gap is bigger.
比如，美国对平衡预算的关注导致共和党的某些人打着财政纪律的名义阻挠州乃至联邦机构正常运转。 
For example, the U.S. concern for the balance of budget has led to some Republicans, in the name of financial discipline, to prevent the state and even federal institutions from functioning properly.
