Distributional struggles will look very different in that kind of world.
Even so, the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the ICTY is worth celebrating, because the movement it has led has forced military commanders, guerrilla leaders, and heads of state around the world to take into account the possibility that they will face justice if crimes against humanity are committed on their watch.
By splitting hairs over the meaning of the words “considerable time” in describing the expected timeline for policy normalization, Fed Chair Janet Yellen is falling into the same trap.
What is certain is that expectations of high earnings growth would have a more durable positive effect on P/E levels than the suppression of the equity risk premium.
They know that, for a country like China, whose growing economic and military power risks scaring its neighbors into forming counter-balancing coalitions, a smart strategy must include efforts to appear less frightening.
That is precisely the message Xi sent to the military in a recent speech to the 16th army group, for which Xu served as political commissar in the early 1990s.
AMSTERDAM – Western Europe’s small democracies have, on the whole, been exceptionally fortunate.
Wolfowitz and the World Bank at Bay
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.
The next meeting (COP 13) will take place in Cancún, Mexico, in early December.
More positively, restoring truth would counter the traditional Chinese instinct to blame all disasters on external forces, and might lead to a spiritual epiphany for a people struggling to find value in the emerging new China.
Michel is not Desi’s biological child.
This marks a return to a pre-Westphalian world of linguistic, religious, and sectarian solidarity, of the sort Czarist Russia practiced when it regarded itself as the protector of all Slavs.
Moreover, 17% of Italy’s population leaves education prematurely, and only 22% of young people receive tertiary education.
Because the social conditions of the “French model” have been so neglected, the model is now a living contradiction of its core principle: equality.
The left-wing party wants to redistribute wealth and incomes more, and the right-wing party less; but both need to restrain themselves, and in appealing to the median voter, they become near-identical alternatives.
What better place than Brazil, with its large and growing consumer market, to incubate the next Facebook?
With US workers remaining under intense pressure in terms of both job security and real wages, politicians have understandably been put on the spot.
These events hindered the global economy by thwarting confidence and momentum.
Read more from "NATO Wakes Up"
Instead, a populist-nationalist revolution might resemble the attempt to overthrow Mikhail Gorbachev in August 1991, or a Russian version of Ukraine’s Orange Revolution.
Iranian opposition forces would likely be the first victim of Western military action, and, elsewhere in the region, the Arab Spring would likely be submerged under a massive anti-Western wave of solidarity with Iran.
Recession Insurance
The Socialists can govern without limits, so it is up to them to govern well.
No international force will simply protect Israel from Hezbollah rockets while Israel continues its current strategy.
But one vital caveat was lost in the commotion: What works during a crisis will not necessarily provide sufficient traction for the post-crisis recovery – especially if the crisis has left the real economy mired in a balance-sheet recession.
The BRICS Fallacy
Two days of intensive discussions revealed important differences in perspective, but also many commonalities.
Still, despite these long trends, the political and policy status quo remained largely unchallenged until 2008.
With American backing, Israeli bombs and missiles rained down on Lebanon.
Today, though many countries, such as Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and South Korea, have already rewarded China with market-economy status, the world’s two biggest economies, the US and the EU, have not.
Those of us who believe that the past 20 years made sense, and that we are on the right track, are still the majority in Hungary.
A lack of data about, say, riparian flows, including how much water is diverted for agriculture and human consumption, undermines efficient resource management.
The feminist critique, for example, has totally remade elementary-level education, where female decision-makers prevail: the construction of male hierarchies in the schoolyard is often redirected nowadays for fear of “bullying,” with boys and girls alike expected to “share” and “process” their emotions.
Given this, we should be wary of the kinds of radical policies that some politicians are promoting today.
The faces of the mothers and fathers say it all: vaccines prevent illness and save lives.
But healing Lebanon’s wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most, and not what outsiders think they should want or need.
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with speculative-grade credit ratings – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable.
Yet India’s investment-to-GDP ratio is now slipping, from over 35% in the last eight years to below 30% today.
Unemployment is conservatively estimated at a staggering 40% of the workforce.
“A vote to stay within the EU,” Tuck writes, “will…end any hope of genuinely left politics in the UK.”
A solution that will not work is for economists to second-guess how their ideas will be used or misused in public debate and to shade their public statements accordingly.
Having been pushed by Netanyahu into an unwinnable fight against US President Barack Obama’s administration over its nuclear deal with Iran, AIPAC is now crumbling under the weight of its own hubris.
Aging populations are forcing many countries to address pressures on their budgets and social security systems.
Given Europe’s twentieth-century history, such parochial sloganeering has been all but banished from the continent’s politics.
This reinforces the expansionary impact of the stimulus, which is particularly strong under fixed exchange rates.
“The failure to fit the system makes people attack that system,” he said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.”
Could there be a better alternative?
In an extraordinary move, China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee stepped in to “clarify” Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that all oaths taken by office-holders must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.”
This difficulty makes random studies of the effects of acupuncture treatment on stroke patients particularly difficult in a traditional Chinese medicine hospital.
The growth of the financial markets’ sophistication has allowed risks to be sliced and diced and spread further than ever before.
The burden of adjustment will be borne by everyone.
On many transnational issues, empowering others can help to accomplish one’s own goals.
So far, the EU has been singularly ineffectual in deploying aid, diplomacy, and boots on the ground to address conflicts in Africa and the Middle East.
According to the IMF, the dollar’s share in foreign-exchange reserves stopped falling in 2010 and has been flat since then.
The world must develop a more carefully calibrated policy toward North Korea, one aimed at simultaneously implementing denuclearization and economic reform.
One area that presents an opportunity for cooperation is energy policy and climate change, because the two countries’ account for more than 50% of total coal consumption, while their combined share of both global greenhouse-gas emissions and the world economy is 40%.
Yet none of the trials has yet been derailed.
There were also signals emanating from Iran that, having , having mastered uranium enrichment technology, the authorities could envisage continuing enrichment in a third country in a joint consortium with the West.
This has been revealing.
And an increasingly self-confident Assad no longer seems resigned to Israel’s insistence that its air force should have full freedom of action in Syria and Lebanon: his anti-aircraft batteries have started to respond to Israeli military flights over Syria.
What comes next is uncertain.
The World Bank should take up the cause.
It was an unprecedented move, whether in India or almost anywhere else, and it is by far Modi’s boldest policy intervention to date.
This is not the first time that an Arab dictator has been put on trial.
In the absence of coherent regional frameworks, it is no surprise that rival structures are being built, with the US championing the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which will link 12 Pacific Rim countries into a vast free-trade area, governed by an advanced set of agreed rules.
The military reorganization that the NDPO envisages is far-reaching.
Charles Calomiris of Columbia University has challenged what he calls “a real subversion of the fiscal process” as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.
This is, in one sense, an admission of failure; such an approach is unlikely to limit the rise in global temperatures to less than 2° Celsius, the target set by the United Nations in 2010.
Nevertheless, what benefit does China gain by continuing to raise these issues 60 years later?
But policymakers seem trapped in a cat’s cradle of economic, political, and legal constraints that is preventing effective action.
Of course, no one holds high office without making mistakes, even fundamental ones, and this is especially true in tumultuous periods.
By purchasing bonds of member countries, the ECB would be taking implicit positions on their individual creditworthiness.
Should Britain Leave the EU?
Wherever you turn, somebody is being blamed for Copenhagen’s apparent looming failure.
The girls have now been held captive for over five months.
Moreover, housing-market reforms and the development of a mortgage-loan market in the late 1990s fueled rapid growth in real-estate investment, which reached an annual rate of over 20% in 2000.
In many places, torture chambers are the rules of the game, not the grotesque and shameful mistakes of ill-supervised troops.
After all, it took the United States 12 years to mount a weapon on a missile.
Moreover, fewer languages are used in the EU’s smokeless backrooms when meetings are less formal and the participants not all that prestigious.
Testing the Limits of Fossil Fuels
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing. So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.
Meanwhile, defense attorneys may try to lessen their client’s culpability by claiming insanity, as Breivik’s lawyers attempted to do after he killed 77 people to protest the multiculturalism that he claims threatens Norway.
Furthermore, shortages in Poland’s residential rental market restrict workers’ ability to move to where the jobs are.
Even a wrong or “unjust” decision can end a conflict.
The barriers to entry are negligible, because competition is just one click away.
This incited many attempts to rehabilitate Stalin, especially during the 20 years of Leonid Brezhnev’s rule, which we now call the period of “stagnation.”
Last September, European Commissioner Jonathan Hill published his long-awaited Capital Markets Union proposal.
But for precisely that reason, more conservative elements within Iran’s government are deeply suspicious of Rouhani’s reformist agenda, viewing the potential emergence of a more worldly, pluralistic society as a serious threat to the regime’s survival.
While North Korea had done much over the preceding years to warrant a more critical eye, in retrospect these policies set back prospects for peace and stability in the region.
The refusal of the rest of Europe, and especially Germany, to acknowledge Greece’s massive debt overhang has been the big lie of this crisis.
Perhaps of greatest concern, moreover, is that the public, especially in poor countries that cannot undertake offsetting measures, will come to distrust global integration, with multinationals viewed as Trojan horses.
But getting to the other side is worth a try.
Sea levels could rise, drowning major cities and small island states.
And the US is not alone.
Sadly, North Korea has not received such far-sighted statesmanship.
Financial markets in the advanced economies provide risk capital through different sets of arrangements – venture funds, public trading of shares, private equity, etc.
Japan’s primary deficit of ¥28 trillion in 2002 was reduced to only ¥6 trillion by 2007.
Ironically, this perception brings Israel some rather unlikely partners.
Iran’s quest for nuclear weapons – with its boost to national pride and promise of regional preeminence – has played a critical unifying role, as well as a political and military one.
And yet a fundamental lesson of the surge in financial volatility that began last summer is that state-controlled information is often bad information.
Following up on these remarks, Obama drew attention to persistent US concern about China’s exchange-rate policy, inadequate protection of intellectual property, and impediments to market access.
Given the role of technological innovation, much of which is youth-led, even a small reorientation of policies could have a meaningful and rapid impact on the economy.
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing.
If one goes back further, to include Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt, the disparity is even larger.
The same thing has happened twice since the end of the Great Recession in mid-2009 – a 3.4% average annualized gain in the second and third quarters of 2010 and a 4.3% average increase in the fourth quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2012.
The opening ceremony of the Olympic games will highlight this revival: it will feature not quotes from Marx, but sayings from the Analects of Confucius.
No Escape from Empire’s Graveyard
Strikingly energetic and self-confident, Obama has set out on a titanic journey to remake America’s economy and redress a broken and dysfunctional international system.
But such spending on imported rice is a scandal, because, with the help of wise policies, African farmers could grow much more rice, perhaps enough to eliminate virtually all imports.
But he nonetheless insisted that this did not prove Caplan right.
They will remain an important source of import demand, especially for high technology and industrial goods.
These countries are not only dependent on oil exports; they also rely heavily on imports.
Second, China’s financial system is fragile, and its economic structure rigid.
Excessive law-making has pushed up prices and pushed out investors, not only from refining and petrochemicals, but from all energy-intensive sectors, including aluminum, steel, and cement.
It appears that these monarchies enjoy a form of traditional authority that the region’s secular nationalist rulers never had.
So we did not overreact.
If Iran fails to qualify, this could turn some young voters against the incumbent.
As a result, the railways run out of money before running out of plans.
Besides, muddling through may prove unaffordable even in the short run, if oil prices decline again.
It sounded plausible.
The young responded with a vengeance to Sarkozy’s provocation.
QE is a special instrument used when a central bank’s short- and medium-term policy rates are already at zero and it wants to lower long-term interest rates.
It is one of the oldest states in the broader Middle East, with a deep culture.
When it comes to economic policy, a fast, faulty decision is often better than inaction.
How do the Confederation of British Industry or France’s MEDEF intend to respond?
Last month, Gazprom announced its intention to cease shipments through Ukraine when the contracts with the country's gas pipeline company, Naftogaz, expire in 2019.
As it pursues far-reaching financial-sector reform, now is the time to do so.
They seem to be structurally condemned to short-termism.
The third reason is bureaucratic capture: just as the principal aim of Bush’s Medicare Drug Benefit bill of 2003 was to boost pharmaceutical company profits, so the Bush administration’s Social Security proposal will most likely be tailored to the interests of Wall Street.
It is regrettable that, instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable, we act as if accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry could be accomplished responsibly.
Crippling economic austerity, imposed by unelected bureaucrats in Brussels and Washington, is not only a social calamity; it is also poses a dangerous threat to democracy.
This problem arose in the United States after the 2001 recession.
But giving women the right training now can kick-start the process, enabling half the population finally to reach their potential – to the benefit of all.
But treating force and diplomacy as distinct phases of foreign policy gives the negotiating parties the sense that American power lacks purpose and resolve.
With oil prices steadily rising, the value of Russian oil production reached a new peak, roughly ten times the 1999 level, in 2008; Russia invaded Georgia the same year.
Consider the Islamic State’s recent declaration of a caliphate in parts of Iraq and Syria.
A formula for burden sharing would be needed that gradually increases domestic financing.
In a few other countries, the disease has been sporadically reintroduced by travelers from regions where polio has not yet been eliminated.
To those on the right, France’s oversized and intrusive government offers only a blueprint for secular decline.
To this end, governments are to prepare plans not only to the year 2030 (the so-called Nationally Determined Contributions, or NDCs), but also to mid-century (the so-called Low-Emission Development Strategies, or LEDS).
While some wealthy donors are redirecting their money to congressional and state-level candidates, many others have jumped on board – and others will, too, to the degree that Trump seems able to beat Clinton.
By enacting such a policy, any developed country can now establish itself as a global leader.
Almost everywhere, those with a university degree are much less likely to be unemployed than those without a secondary education.
Though originally intended to expire after ten years, the reservations have been extended for 70, with further extensions certain when they come up for renewal in 2020.
The European Commission also put forward a set of legislative proposals to establish the single supervisory mechanism and confer key supervisory tasks on the ECB.
Let’s not delude ourselves: if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (the world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis on a scale that most people alive today have never experienced.
The good news is that NTDs can be treated, as quality drugs – donated by the major pharmaceutical companies – are made available.
As they undertake structural reforms across multiple sectors, China’s leaders have the opportunity to bolster their country’s long-term prosperity.
Indeed, the EU’s critical French-German axis was held together by the conviction that political order in a democracy depended on the security of debt.
As a result, China’s dollar-denominated foreign-exchange reserves, which account for the largest share of all the foreign holdings of US government securities, will suffer interest-rate losses.
But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations.
If Ahmadinejad is president of a nuclear Iran, he is more likely to use the weapons in an adventurous manner.
Long-sleeve shirts, long pants, and insect repellants can help minimize bites when staying inside isn’t an option.
So Brazil and India are relative havens, even though their growth prospects are severely diminished as well.
There is a long-standing presumption of “sovereign immunity”: states can be sued only under limited circumstances.
NEW HAVEN – Today’s global refugee crisis recalls the period immediately after World War II.
This is all the more true as Asian universities turn out vast numbers of engineers and other knowledge workers who are just as qualified as their European colleagues, and as brilliant in technical design as they are in optimizing the manufacturing process.
But the exercise of that power usually comes at a high price.
This should not be surprising.
Reverby was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHS’s detestable Tuskegee experiments, in which hundreds of African-American men with late-stage syphilis were observed but not treated, even after penicillin was developed.
C.auris was first identified in Japan in 2009, in the ear of a patient who complained of an infection. (Auris is Latin for ear.)
In a paper published prior to the release of their much-debated book The Israel Lobby, they argued:
He talked about “the British race” or the “English-speaking peoples.”
This is Russian politics at its most debased.
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – dubbed the “Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where the meeting took place – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone.
Indeed, the DOJ rushed to distance itself from the decision, highlighting how easily Trump can use (or not use) the pardon power to settle his many scores: it is virtually the only power within the criminal justice system that the president can exercise unilaterally.
What’s Holding Back the World Economy?
That, at least, is how the system is supposed to work in theory.
And, for developing countries that lack supply-side capacity, greater access to the global market is a moot point, as they remain far from even considering what size their share of it should be.
When compared with human-rights abuses that truly affect humanity, the complaints dealt with by the British courts are small beer.
One reason why progress in the reconciliation processes has been slower than anticipated is that Western governments have not pressed Karzai to engage in genuine peace negotiations with Taliban leaders until coalition forces have had the opportunity to reverse the deteriorating situation on the battlefield.
The Turkish government has adopted an active role as a promoter of peace and has reconfigured its policies toward a number of regional problems.
Creative Europe
Even the Free Democrats have clawed their way back from hard times, and now have about 6% support.
In the short to medium run, increasing Greek competitiveness requires remedies targeted at specific binding constraints faced by exporters.
After two terms, Morales would in theory be prohibited from running again.
Moreover, if Greece’s voters had rejected the deal that has just been proposed to them, the outcome might have foreclosed any further coordination on the country’s debt problems with the European Union.
Last year, the WHO approved MenAfriVac for use in regular vaccine schedules, making it possible for millions more to be protected.
We will all be better off when companies’ impulse to do the right in the worst of times defines how they behave all the time.
We should also consider legislation and regulations to keep certain jobs “human.”
The Clinton camp has decided to pursue both strategies.
Germany also led the move to establish a European “banking union” with a single regulatory framework and a binding resolution mechanism for troubled financial institutions.
New leadership in many of the region’s countries, including China, Japan, and South Korea, make the future even more uncertain.
Why is this happening?
And on that day, he was so well mourned that his absence seemed like part of a show, somehow making us forget that he was no longer with us.
Until the crisis of 2008, middle- and lower-income job growth occurred entirely in the non-tradable sector of the economy, which accounts for roughly two-thirds of advanced countries’ output and employment.
But May has yet to elucidate precisely how she defines Brexit.
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.
This is why the potential of GiveWell is revolutionary.
A two-year €400 billion ($510 billion) public-investment program, financed with European Investment Bank bonds, would be the best way to overcome Europe’s current impasse.
In the new Congress' first couple of weeks, the House passed a bill scaling back the Dodd-Frank financial reform act.
This decision – crucial to the future of an unstable region – will test Western determination and unity.
Nor should it make any difference if you invite a few adult friends over, and in the privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in a larger-scale sexual fantasy of the same kind.
The last emperor of the Tang Dynasty proclaimed seven era names in fourteen years, as he sought in vain to “re-brand” his reign and avoid his regime’s demise.
But he did not do himself any favors with his cabinet choices, many of whom had mediocre records that indicated corruptibility.
This contributed not only to sovereign-debt and fiscal crises, but also to protracted stagnation outside East Asia, including Latin America’s “lost decade” and Africa’s “quarter-century retreat.”
In reality, more people earning, consuming, and paying taxes leads to more economic growth.
BRUSSELS – There is a saying, too often used in interpreting international relations, that my enemy’s enemy is my friend.
The defaults proved to be costly.
