对最可观财富的创造者处以几十亿美元的罚款不是我们应该采取的办法。 
A fine of billions of dollars from the creators of the most visible wealth is not the way we should take it.
卢森堡欧洲法院——另一个具有关键重要性的共同机构——也依赖于非政府间性质的决策机制。
卢森堡 European Court of Justice another joint institution of key importance also relies on a decision-making mechanism of a non-governmental nature.
东京——人们以混杂着恐惧和迷恋的{复杂}情绪注视着亿万富翁唐纳德·特朗普在美国总统竞选中崛起。
东京 people with mixed emotions of fear and fascination watch billionaire Donald Trump in the US presidential race起.
传统上，日本天皇的访问——除加冕礼和皇室周年庆典以外——标志着双边关系的转折点。
传统上,日本天皇的访问除了加冕礼和皇室周年庆典以外标志着双边关系的转折点.
&#160;“人道主义”干预——出于关注人类同胞命运所采取的行动——往往被说成是反映“道德关切”。
Humanitarian  intervention  actions taken out of concern for the fate of fellow human beings  are often said to reflect  moral concerns.
只有在爆发全面危机的情况下，公众观点才有可能真正决定谁成为领袖。 
Only in the event of a full-blown crisis will public opinion be able to truly decide who becomes the leader.
例如，应激荷尔蒙血浆皮质醇水平会在夜间升高，而正常情况下应该保持低水平。
For example, levels of stress hormones in the blood will be elevated at night, whereas under normal circumstances levels should be kept low.
除了不可靠的政府资助之外，俄罗斯以及乌克兰大部分{地区}的减轻危害项目都缺乏一个基本工具：{鸦片类物质替代物。}    Omission
In addition to unreliable government funding, Russia as well as most of Ukraine's harm reduction projects lack a basic tool:
第二次世界大战结束时，全世界只有五座边境墙。 
At the end of World War II, there were only five border walls in the world.
但它们的反应被普遍弱化了，因为日本成功让美国领头在G-20峰会上提出其政策反应只不过是利用“国内工具”来追求“国内目标”。 
But their reaction was generally weakened, because Japan's success in getting the US leader to present his policy response at the G-20 summit was nothing more than the use of "domestic tools" to pursue "domestic goals".
美国似乎沉迷于布雷顿森林体系无法自拔。 布雷顿森林体系是一套基于规则的秩序，其基础是以美元为核心的IMF和世界银行，出现于二战后。
美国似乎沉迷于布雷顿森林体系无法自拔. 布雷顿森林体系 is a set of rules-based order, its basis is the IMF and World Bank with USD as the core, appeared after the Second World War.
2009年{哈梅内伊}否决{内贾德}任命{马沙伊}为第一副总统的决定后，{内贾德}公然任命其为参谋长的举动彻底激怒了哈梅内伊。
2009 哈梅内伊 veto 哈梅内伊 appointment of 马沙伊 as first vice president After the decision, 哈梅内伊's move to publicly appoint him as chief of staff completely angered 哈梅内伊.
类似的安排也可以在其他欧元区国家实行。
类似的安排也可以在其他欧元区国家实行.
中国看似没有兴趣仿效十九世纪的欧洲列强，也无意仿效二十世纪上半世纪的日本帝国主义。 
China seems to have no interest in imitating nineteenth century's European powers, also no interest in imitating twentieth century's first half century's Japanese imperialism.
最后，指导努力和评估进展需要可靠的数据支撑。 
Finally, guiding efforts and assessing progress require reliable data support.
由于电气化和大规模生产，第二次工业革命催生了全新的社会模式和工作形式。 
Due to electrification and large-scale production, the Second Industrial Revolution spawned a whole new social model and workform.
很多人担心尼日尔政变的范例会刺激尼日利亚军队在奥马鲁·亚拉杜瓦总统长期缺位所带来的行政权力危机高潮时采取行动。
很多人担心尼日尔政变的范例会刺激尼日利亚军队在奥马鲁·亚拉杜瓦总统长期缺位带来的行政权力危机高潮时采取行动.
此外，那些政界人士持股较多的公司也更容易赢得政府合同。 
Besides, those politicians who hold more shares in the company are also easier to win government contracts.
无论如何，朝鲜大力投资于前线特种部队和其他现代战争的非对称要素，它似乎是在准备进攻，只要能让美国出局，就万事俱备了。 
However, North Korea has invested heavily in frontline special forces and other non-asymmetrical elements of modern warfare, it seems to be preparing for an offensive, as long as it can get the US out, then everything is ready.
例外最具有说明性。 
Exceptions are most illustrative.
美国仍是不可或缺的； 可惜，它让这个概念不再成为责任的根基。 
The United States is still indispensable; unfortunately, it no longer allows this concept to become the basis of responsibility.
马来西亚社会现在面临一个根本性的问题，那就是，马来西亚的人口一半以上是穆斯林，国家是否是一个穆斯林国家呢？ 
Malaysian society now faces a fundamental problem, namely, that more than half of Malaysia's population is Muslim, the state is a Muslim state?
一个广泛存在的观点是犹太人，不管是资本主义者还是共产主义者，绝不会忠诚于本民族以外的事物； 1948年后，“本民族”日益意味着以色列。
A widely held view is that Jews, whether they are capitalists or communists, will never be loyal to anything other than their own people; after 1948, 本民族日益 means Israel.
执政以来，她不但宣誓效忠于宪法，也宣誓效忠于“他”（基什内尔）。
执政以来, she not only pledged loyalty to the Constitution, also pledged loyalty to 他 ((基什内尔)).
那些大的成功发展的故事都发生在如上海、以及其他可以直通世界市场的港口城市。
Those big success stories all happened in Shanghai, as well as other port cities with direct access to the world market.
此外，以专利为目的的研究鼓励保密行为，企业除与专利获取有关的信息外概不透露。
In addition, research for patent purposes encourages confidentiality, and companies generally do not disclose information related to patent acquisition.
对于这一论点，有一些严肃的反对理由。
There are some serious objections to this argument.
更加重要的是，即使各国市场在许多方面都并不完全饱和，维持两位数的出口增长是困难的。
More importantly, even if the countries' markets are not perfect in many respects, maintaining double-digit export growth is difficult.
对多数人统治的约束是保护少数群体的必要条件，不管是种族少数群体、宗教少数群体还是知识少数群体。 
Restrictions on majority rule are a necessary condition for protecting minority groups, whether ethnic minority groups, religious minority groups or intellectual minority groups.
尽管为了适应无情的国际竞争和飞快的技术发展需要变通和个人责任感，但法国的主流文化仍然讲究援助与权利。 
Despite the need for change and a sense of personal responsibility in order to adapt to implacable international competition and rapid technological development, French mainstream culture still demands help and rights.
一般民意认为这种情况是不公平的。
The general opinion is that this situation is unfair.
国际货币基金组织对特定情况下财政乘数可变性的近期研究已经对快速财政调整的成本和有效性提出了严重的质疑。 
Recent studies by the International Monetary Fund on fiscal multiplicity variability in certain circumstances have raised serious questions about the cost and effectiveness of rapid fiscal adjustment.
选民支持民粹运动是因为他们认为现有精英没有资格充当他们的代表。
选民支持民粹运动是因为他们认为现有精英没有资格充当他们的代表.
这让我们看到了取得进展的希望，但是尽管去年11月份在马里兰州的安那波利斯和平会议上发表了令人鼓舞宣言，和平进程还是出现了倒退。 
This has given us hope of progress, but despite the encouraging declaration made at the Annapolis Peace Conference in Maryland in November last year, the peace process still appears to be backsliding.
将反恐斗争简化为拧紧政治螺丝，加强普京的权力和限制人们在国内的行动是件轻而易举的事。 
Simplifying the fight against terrorism into a tight political screw, strengthening Putin's power and limiting people's actions at home is an easy thing to do.
但尽管存在这些长期趋势，政治和政策现状自2008年以来并未受到多大挑战。 
But despite these long-term trends, the political and policy situation has not been subject to much challenge since 2008.
住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前的一半。
住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前一半. 住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前一半. 住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前一半. 住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前一半. 住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前一半.
美国参与第一次世界大战彻底改变了那种状况，当时的伍德罗·威尔逊打破传统，派遣美国军队赴欧洲作战。 
U.S. involvement in World War I completely changed that situation, when Woodrow Wilson broke with tradition, sending U.S. troops to European operations.
传统的衡量个体国家全球互联性的方法是比较其全球流与其GDP的规模。 
The traditional method of measuring individual countries' global interconnectivity is to compare their global flows with the size of their GDP.
面临信用极速扩张的局面，同时肩负着监管银行业责任的央行因为漫不经心而被严厉诘问，但当麻烦发生时，它们有因为迅速果断的反应而饱受赞美。 
In the face of a situation of rapid credit expansion, while shouldering the responsibility of overseeing the banking industry, the central banks are severely questioned for their rudeness, but when trouble occurs, they are praised for their quick and decisive response.
这种培养孩子的方式并非与快乐无关：大量的证据显示那些慷慨友善的人对自己的生活更加满意。 
This way of raising children is not unrelated to happiness: a large amount of evidence shows that those who are generous and friendly are more satisfied with their lives.
此外，在一个全球性媒体和国际战争罪行法庭的时代，国家使用武力的条件变得越来越复杂。 
In addition, in an era of global media and international war crimes courts, the conditions of state use of force have become increasingly complex.
根本原因可能是乌里韦觉得桑托斯当了总统应该对他投桃报李，而桑托斯觉得他的支持率（很高，但在下跌）是靠自己赢得的，不是乌里韦给的。
根本原因可能是乌里韦觉得桑托斯当总统应该对他投桃报李,而桑托斯觉得他的支持率 (非常高,但在下跌)是靠自己赢的,不是乌里韦给的.
{在“权利终于回家了（意指回到了发源地）”这一浮夸和理想主义口号的映衬下，}英国《人权法案》终于在2000年得以颁布实施。    Omission
In the UK, the Human Rights Act was finally promulgated in 2000.
而他也没有独立提出你的新观点，而这些观点十分重要。 
And he didn't independently put forward your new point of view, but these points of view are very important.
布什收拾残局
Bush pick-up and drop-off.
而且自全球金融危机爆发以来，黄金价格一直被形容为反映全球经济不稳定{态势的晴雨表。}    Omission
And since the global financial crisis erupted, gold prices have been described as reflecting global economic instability.
对于中印两国而言，这就更为强化了它们从波斯湾以外的国家锁定石油供应的意愿。 
For both China and India, this has further strengthened their willingness to block oil supplies from countries outside the Persian Gulf.
这些政策确实降低了政府债券和按揭债券的长期和中期利率。
These policies have indeed lowered the long- and medium-term interest rates on government bonds and mortgage bonds.
明年的欧洲议会选举将提供一次机会展开关于欧盟未来的根本性讨论。 
Next year's European Parliament elections will provide an opportunity to launch a fundamental discussion on the future of the European Union.
这一反应——目前看来几乎是不可避免的——将伤及经济增长、刺激金融波动。 
This reaction seems almost inevitable at the moment. It will hurt economic growth, stimulate financial volatility.
没有人喜欢把人的生命用钱来衡量，但事实是，我们已经默默地这样做了，例如， 我们没有对在发展中国家工作的组织给予足够的支持。 
No one likes to measure people's lives with money, but the fact is, we've already done this tacitly, for example, we don't give enough support to organizations working in developing countries.
今年欧盟成员国将举行至少七次大选（法国地区选举将于三月举行）。 
This year, EU member states will hold at least seven general elections (French regional elections will be held in March).
如果允许这样的通货膨胀继续并加深的话，可能很容易产生与该地区领导人努力避免的汇率升值一样的有害后果。 
If such inflation is allowed to continue and deepen, it may very easily produce the same harmful consequences as the efforts of the region's leaders to avoid exchange rate appreciation.
正在崛起的新兴当权派{极不情愿的}达成共识：全球化加剧了阶级分裂，拉大了有资源和有能力利用世界市场者和不具备上述能力者之间的鸿沟。     Omission
A consensus is being reached by the rising ruling classes: globalization has exacerbated class divisions, widened the gap between those who have resources and are able to use the world market and those who do not possess the aforementioned capabilities.
在任一给定时刻，一些国家可能投票给激进政党，而其他国家则否（或根本没有举行选举）。 
At any given time, some countries may vote for radical political parties, while other countries do not (or do not hold elections at all).
但他对老式社会主义的狂热宣传却迅速流行——令成千上万新党员{对已}失去众多追随者{的政党趋之若鹜。}     Omission
But his fanatical propaganda of old-style socialism was rapidly spreading, making thousands of new party members lose many of their followers.
此外，需要的改革范围太广，超过了大部分发展中国家的实施能力。 
In addition, the scope of the reforms needed is too wide, exceeding the implementation capacity of most developing countries.
还有人担心国家安全。 如果“我们的”港口和安全产业或者其他“战略性”公司被中国、俄国或者沙特接管，那将会发生什么事情？ 
Also someone worried about national security. If our port and security industry or other strategic companies are taken over by China, Russia or Saudi Arabia, what will happen?
因此，医生和律师的收入通常要比劳动力高出5倍，而不会像如今那样高出10倍甚至10倍以上。 
Therefore, doctors and lawyers' incomes are usually 5 times higher than the labour force, and not 10 times higher or even 10 times higher than today.
相反，非洲政治领导人或许应该抑制预期，同时致力于加快结构转型速度和增加社会包容度。 
On the contrary, African political leaders should perhaps curb expectations, while working to accelerate structural transformation speed and increase social inclusiveness.
看看2014年西非埃博拉危机或2003年“非典”爆发所造成的全球影响吧，就连新加坡和加拿大这样的富裕经济体也受到了波及。
See the global impact caused by the 2014 West African Ebola crisis or the 2003 非典 outbreak, which also affected wealthy economies such as Singapore and Canada.
发展中国家——特别是中国和印度——将会是21世纪主要的温室气体排放国——但是，因为在西方国家的工业化时期，发展中国家排放的温室气体非常少，所以《京都议定书》豁免了它们的减排义务。 
Developing countries  especially China and India  will be the 21st century's main greenhouse gas emitter countries  However, because in the industrialization period of Western countries, developing countries emit very little greenhouse gas, so the Kyoto Protocol  exempts them from their emission reduction obligations.
乙醇的价格受到人为干预，使其与汽油相比成为一项有吸引力的选择。 
The price of ethanol is subject to human intervention, making it an attractive choice compared to petrol.
非洲经济图景的主要特征——由微型企业、家庭生产和非官方活动组成的非正式部门在吸收日益增长的城市劳动力并充当社会安全网。 
The main characteristic of the African economic picture is that the informal sector composed of micro-enterprises, family production and unofficial activities absorbs the ever-growing urban labour force and becomes a social safety net.
政策制定者不愿意走这条路，这是可以理解的。 
policy makers are not willing to go this way, this is understandable.
这一宗教团结原则也扩展到摩洛哥的军事医院部署，不仅出现在马里，也出现在其他冲突地区，比如{约旦就有}服务叙利亚难民的摩洛哥军事医院。    Omission
This religious unity principle also extended to Morocco's military hospital deployment, not only in Mali, but also in other conflict areas, such as the Moroccan military hospital for Syrian refugees.
东盟与中国、日本、印度、韩国、澳大利亚和新西兰}签署了自由贸易协定（FTA），并成立了一个东盟经济共同体。
东盟与中国、日本、印度、韩国、澳大利亚和新西兰 signed a free trade agreement (FTA), and established an ASEAN economic community.
我们面临的任务十分艰巨。
Our task is very difficult.
1997年，他创办了"祖国道德重生社会委员会"。
In 1997, he founded the "祖国道德重生社会委员会" (祖国道德重生社会委员会).
未来几百年的地球居民将居住在更热的世界中，面临更高的海平面，更少的适耕土地和更极端的飓风、干旱和洪水。 
In the next few hundred years, Earth's inhabitants will live in a warmer world, facing higher sea levels, less arable land and more extreme winds, droughts and floods.
8%。 因此，普京更加不愿意在领土问题上让步，唯恐玷污其俄罗斯国家利益坚定捍卫者的国内形象。 
8%. Therefore, Putin is even more reluctant to make concessions on territorial issues, for fear of tarnishing the domestic image of his Russian national interests' staunch defenders.
{东京—公元四世纪，}日本天皇从皇宫附近的一座小山丘上{远眺}，注意到{少了}点什么{：寻常人家升起的炊烟。}    Omission
东京公元四世纪,Japanese emperor from a small hill near the imperial palace, noticed a little thing.
而那些雄心勃勃的政治人物——从英国脱欧公投的领袖到美国共和党总统候选人唐纳·德特朗普（Donald Trump）——则不约而同地选择去忽视事实。 
And those ambitious politicians  from the leader of the Brexit referendum to the US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump  do not nearly as well choose to ignore the facts.
或许诚然如此。 
Or maybe honestly so.
而油价并非俄罗斯唯一的问题。 
And oil prices are not Russia's only problem.
从安全角度看，没有美国的欧洲将相当孤立，不管对何种性质的威胁来说都是如此。
From a security perspective, no U.S. European will be quite isolated, no matter what the nature of the threat.
要增加商业银行的准备金，历史上美联储使用的办法是公开市场操作，从前者手中购买美国国债。
To increase commercial bank reserves, the US Federal Reserve has historically used open market operations to buy US Treasury bonds.
而且，许多同盟国家没能完成将GDP的2%作为防卫预算的目标，这加剧了这个难题，并且扩大了与那些在可用和可部署军队上投入的同盟国家的军力差距。 
Moreover, many Allied countries failed to achieve the goal of 2% of GDP as a defense budget, which exacerbated this problem, and widened the military power gap with those Allied countries that invested in available and deployable armies.
事实上，几十年来，查尔顿·赫斯顿（Charlton Heston）、韦恩·拉皮埃尔（Wayne LaPierre）和其他{炙手可热的}美国步枪协会（National Rifle Association）领导人一直告诉美国人，{除此之外}没有更好的保护自己和家庭的方法。 目前美国人拥有超过3亿支枪支。    Omission
In fact, for decades, Charlton Heston, Wayne LaPierre and other leaders of the National Rifle Association have been telling Americans that there is no better way to protect themselves and their families. Currently, Americans own more than 300 million firearms.
尽管美国存在深刻的意识形态分歧，但仍有希望之光。 
Despite America's deep ideological differences, there is still a light of hope.
但近来的基因研究却明白无误的驳斥了他的观点。 
But recent genetic studies have clearly and infallibly refuted his point of view.
亚洲国家无不清楚地意识到{自身}作为投资者和贸易伙伴日益扩大的全球影响，他们清楚地意识到自己既是环境变化的始作俑者，也无时无刻不在受到环境变化的影响。     Omission
Asian countries are well aware of their growing global impact as investors and trading partners, they are well aware that they are not only the initiators of environmental change, but also constantly unaffected by environmental change.
在计划生育和妇科医疗方面（如在撒哈拉以南非洲和南亚地区提供紧急避孕服务）支出39亿美元，可以避免140万婴儿死亡和142000桩与妊娠相关的妇女死亡。 
Spending US$3.9 billion on family planning and gynecological care (such as providing emergency contraception services in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia) could prevent 1.4 million infant deaths and 142,000 pregnancy-related female deaths.
国际社会压力巨大的{关注之声}迫切要求在12月于哥本哈根召开的联合国气候峰会上通过一个严肃且意义重大的二氧化碳减排条约，并协助某些成为众矢之的国家{举手}同意。     Omission
The international community is under immense pressure to urgently demand the adoption of a serious and significant carbon dioxide reduction treaty at the UN climate summit in Copenhagen in December, and to help some of the world's leading nations agree to it.
尽管对外宣称战略支点向亚洲转移，奥巴马总统政府并未采取多少行动来阻止中国越来越高调地宣称对东南中国海的领土要求或朝鲜对朝鲜半岛现状的公开挑战。 
Despite overseas declarations of strategic branching towards Asia, President Obama's government has not taken much action to prevent China's increasingly high-profile declaration of territorial claims to the Southeast China Sea or North Korea's open challenge to the status quo on the Korean Peninsula.
但不管美国国内的政治和政策制定是如何错综复杂，美国人其实并不善于这一点。 
But no matter how complex the US domestic political and policy making is, Americans aren't really good at it.
与此同时，中国各大银行有40%的储蓄无法转化成贷款。 
At the same time, China's major banks have 40% of their savings that cannot be converted into loans.
但当今世界已是个多极化的世界，它再也不是大西洋两岸的经济体所主导的那个世界了，因此，这些经济体也不应该继续垄断布雷顿森林体系里最重要的两个机构的领导职位。 
But today the world is a multipolar world, it is no longer a world dominated by economies on both sides of the Atlantic, and therefore these economies should not continue to occupy the leadership positions of the two most important institutions in the Bretton Woods system.
从这一背景看，最近的示威削弱了伊朗改革派{对}希望{的垄断}，在政府的新自由主义政策（旨在解决伊朗的经济问题）及其深化群众支持的目标之间{钉入了一枚楔子。}     Omission
In this context, recent demonstrations have weakened the resolve of the Iranian reformist party, between the government's neo-liberal policy aimed at solving Iran's economic problems and its goal of deepening popular support.
此外，ECB的首席经济学家Otmar Issing预测，随着通货膨胀的可能性增加，长期利率将走高，而非下降。 
In addition, the ECB's chief economist Otmar Issing forecasts that, as the likelihood of inflation increases, longterm interest rates will rise rather than fall.
外交政策方面，预计智利会对古巴独裁政权和委内瑞拉总统 乌戈·查韦斯采取更严厉的态度，并同时继续奉行与阿根廷和巴西友好往来及与玻利维亚就原有地区争端继续谈判的政策。
In terms of foreign policy, it is expected that Xi will take a harsher stance against the Cuban dictatorship and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, and at the same time continue to pursue a policy of friendly relations with Argentina and Brazil and continue negotiations with Bolivia over the existing regional dispute.
但金融改革在衰退期间很难推行，这时的主要任务是重振增长。 
But financial reform during the recession is difficult to carry out, the main task at this time is revitalization growth.
俄国一方面表示有可能行使否决权，另一方面，其当前的战略是通过促成组织一个新的前往科索沃的真相调查团来尽可能地拖延安理会表决，几乎随之而来的将会是重新坚持再一次谈判解决问题。 
Russia, on the one hand, has expressed the possibility of exercising veto power, on the other hand, its current strategy is to postpone the Security Council vote as much as possible by promoting the organization of a new fact-finding mission to Kosovo, almost immediately followed by a renewed insistence on a negotiated solution.
那时我们根本不需要强迫（或补贴）人们停用化石燃料。 
Then we don't even need to force (or subsidize) people to stop using fossil fuels.
但1989年以后的西方援助，特别是美英两国的援助，降低了多数后共产主义国家向民主、法治和市场经济转型的难度。 
But Western aid after 1989, especially aid from the United States and Britain, reduced the difficulties of most post-communist countries in transitioning to democracy, rule of law and a market economy.
这些发现，加上婴儿硬脑膜发育不成熟，表明新生儿脑膜出血可能是天然保护机制——为了防止正常劳作和分娩时压力波动造成血液回流大脑血管。 
These findings, combined with immature development of the infant's hard cerebral membrane, suggest that neonatal cerebral membrane bleeding may be a natural protective mechanism to prevent normal labor and birth pressure fluctuations causing blood flow back to the brain vessels.
在其他国家，政策制定者们在多年以前就为银行业现代化制定了路线图并从那时开始就强化了竞争—这对于顾客和银行都是有益的。 
In other countries, policymakers laid out a roadmap for the modernisation of the banking sector many years ago and since then have intensified competition, which is beneficial for both customers and banks.
当然，指责别人永远比自我批评容易。 
Of course, accusing others is always easier than self-criticism.
乐观的看法是只要那些兜售专长的人为赢得有识之士（即大众传媒）的注意而拼命竞争，那么市场机制就一定能够控制质量。
乐观的看法是只要那些销售专长的人为了赢得知之士 (即大众传媒) 的注意力而拼命竞争,那么市场机制就一定能控制质量.
这些制裁可以削弱朝鲜与中国的大部分贸易，而这是金正恩的经济命脉所在。 
These sanctions can weaken most of North Korea's trade with China, which is Kim Jong-un's economic lifeblood.
用水也是必须解决的问题。 
Using water is also a problem that must be solved.
而在眼科部这个致力于恢复人们视力——也是眼界——的地方发现某种潜在未来的象征也是非常恰当的。 
And in the eye department this dedication to restore people's sight is also the eye circle where the discovery of some kind of potential future symbol is also very appropriate.
{早期锡安主义的务实智慧很容易解释：与反闪族的“犹太势力”的陈词滥调相反，锡安主义是弱势民族的民族主义运动，这个民族因为压迫和大屠杀而饱受摧残，如果在抉择时刻做出了错误的选择，可能遭遇灭族之灾。}     Omission
早期锡安主义的务实智慧很容易解释:与反闪族的犹太势力的陈词滥调相反,锡安主义是弱势民族的民族主义运动,这民族因压迫和大屠杀而被摧毁,如果在选择时做出错误的选择,可能遭遇灭族之灾.
{而作为对手方的}欧盟成员国则应当意识到，因为主权集中的收益大过成本，它们作为主权国家自愿选择了整合。     Omission
The Member States of the European Union should be aware that, because the gains from the concentration of sovereignty are greater than the costs, they have voluntarily chosen to integrate as sovereign states.
这样就只剩下债务偿还及分配问题了。 
This will only leave the debt repayment and distribution problem.
迅速实施全国规模的方案是最理想的情况。 
Rapid implementation of a nationwide scheme is the most ideal situation.
法国人不在乎他们从未能够清楚阐明他们对“第三种办法”的看法，因为他们坚信法国在驾驭市场中要扮演着重要的、在单纯追求物质主义{中维护“更高的”价值观}的角色。     Omission
The French did not care that they were never able to clearly articulate their views on the "third way", because they were convinced that France would play an important role in the driving market, in the pure pursuit of materialism.
现在轮到了中国。
现在轮到了中国.
法国新总理瓦尔斯也反对紧缩。 
France's new prime minister also opposes austerity.
投资于低收入国家的企业也需要员工保持良好的健康状况。
Investing in low-income countries also requires employees to maintain good health status.
事实上，实施国国内观点的巨大差异也常常破坏制裁。 
In fact, enormous differences in the implementation country's domestic views also often undermine sanctions.
幸运的是，国际移民组织今天将加入联合国体系。 
Fortunately, the International Migration Organization today will join the UN system.
一个和平的地区秩序对于美国和以色列而言利益攸关，它们无法坚持拒绝考验叙利亚总统阿萨德当前的和平攻势。
A peaceful regional order is in the interests of the United States and Israel, but they cannot resist Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's current peaceful offensive.
果真如此吗？ 
Is it really so?
阻止核武器扩散，促进能源更有效地利用，对气候变化采取措施以及维护开放的全球经济——这些以及其它的工作都需要中国的参与，甚至是合作，如果我们不想全球化压倒我们的话。 
Stopping nuclear proliferation, promoting more efficient use of energy, taking action on climate change and maintaining an open global economy  these and other works all require China's participation, even cooperation, if we don't want globalization to overwhelm us.
{慕尼黑—}欧元给欧洲带来了一场收支平衡危机，一如20世纪20年代的金本位。
The euro brought a balance of payments crisis to Europe, as did the gold standard of the 20th century.
革命后上台的伊朗领导层是由数量较小的统治阶层和大量的支持者组成，而这些支持者则被任命去掌控政府的官僚机构以及执行政治动员工作。 
After the revolution, the Iranian leadership was composed of a smaller number of ruling classes and a large number of supporters, who were appointed to control the bureaucracy of the government and execute the work of political activists.
准备迎接停滞 
ready to meet stagnation
问题在于，近几年来中国金融部门累积了大量风险，到去年年底，广义货币（M2）总量膨胀到110. 7万亿元，接近GDP的两倍。
问题在于,近几年中国金融部门积累大量风险,到去年年底,广义货币 ((M2) 总量膨胀到110.7万亿元,接近GDP的两倍.
最后，{赞成}养殖的说法{假设}商业养殖将最终以低于偷猎者的价格提供犀牛角产品。     Omission
Finally, the theory of commercial breeding is that commercial breeding will ultimately provide rhino horn products at a lower price than those of poachers.
与常见的误解不同，德国总理默克尔今年之所以让一百万左右的难民进入德国，不是基于人口因素上的自利行为，而是基于道德价值。 
Contrary to common misconceptions, German Chancellor Merkel's reason for letting a million or so refugees into Germany this year, was not based on self-interest based on demographic factors, but based on moral values.
而根据旨在改善世界各地医疗体系质量和{普及}程度的全民健康覆盖2030联盟的数据，受援国在建立更加有效的预算框架方面所做的工作远远超过国际上其他国家。     Omission
According to data from the Alliance for Universal Health Coverage 2030, which aims to improve the quality and extent of healthcare systems around the world, the work done by beneficiary countries in establishing a more effective budgetary framework is far superior to that of other countries internationally.
在民众强烈抵制提高能源成本的时代，这很可能是推进巴黎目标最有效——更不用说政治上最明智的——政策方法。 
In an era of people's strong resistance to rising energy costs, this is very likely to be the most effective not to say politically most sensible policy method of advancing the Paris target.
我还从来没有听说过哪家法院确认枪击逃跑的抢劫者是必要但却是不适度的国际版本的案例。 
I've never heard of a court confirming that shooting an escaped robber is necessary but not suitable for the international version of the case.
切尔克索夫公开表示绝望，承认普京通过把俄国政府置于安全部门控制之下来{创新振作政府}是失败的。
切尔克索夫 publicly expressed despair, admitting that Putin is failing by putting the Russian government under the control of the security department.
更为重要的是，一个据称为促进民主的工程却在联合国拒绝民主进程。 这并非吉兆。
More importantly, a project allegedly promoting democracy is rejecting the democratic process in the UN. This is not a good sign.
对能源生产等{新兴公海产业则}没有治理框架可言。     Omission
For energy production etc. there is no governing framework available.
大多数观察家都将朝鲜最近的挑衅行为归隐于平壤当局的权力更替。
Most observers attribute North Korea's recent provocative behavior to the power of the Pyongyang authorities.
此外，作家纳吉（Ahmed Naji）最近被判两年徒刑，因为他“行为不端”，在他的小说中{进行露骨的性描写。}     Omission
In addition, writer Naji Ahmed Naji was recently sentenced to two years' imprisonment, because of his behavior in his novel.
一个不祥的新词已经悄悄潜入生命科学和生物制药研究：“生物安全”（biosecirity）。
One unlucky new word has already 潜入生命科学和生物制药研究: 生物安全 ((biosecirity))。
这可能只是一厢情愿。 
This may just be a wish.
总之，银行和政府把手中资金的35％投资给国有企业，但只有10％投资于私人公司。 
In total, banks and governments invest 35% of their capital in state-owned enterprises, but only 10% invest in private companies.
但离岸风电价格昂贵，以至于其补贴至少是常规电力交易成本的三倍，甚至比太阳能电力还高，而后者在英国从未获得优势。 
But offshore wind power prices are expensive, so much so that its subsidies are at least three times the cost of conventional electricity trading, even higher than solar power, while the latter has never gained an advantage in the UK.
新老左派之间的不同之处包括改善反贫困计划、扩大住房和财产权利、进行有效的土地改革、发展教育、科学和技术，以及最重要的，加强拉美地区几   年来不曾有过的民主、人权和法治建设。 
Differences between the New and Old Left include improving anti-poverty plans, expanding housing and property rights, conducting effective land reforms, developing education, science and technology, and most importantly, strengthening democracy, human rights and rule of law construction in Latin American regions that have not been seen in years.
布莱尔的价值观而非利益之战已经越来越像是打着道义的名义图己之{便}利{¾}在某种意义上和富国政府利用人权给他们长期控制世界银行和国际货币基金组织这样的机构找合理性是一个道理。    Omission
Blair's values rather than interests have become more and more like a war of morality in the name of self-interest. In a sense, the use of human rights by wealthy governments to give them long-term control over institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund is a reason to find rationality.
欧元是欧洲一体化的象征。
欧元是欧洲一体化的象征.
不过和欧盟不同，多米尼加共和国并不是一个经济巨人，没有能力独自承担起从圣经赤贫中挽救海地的责任。 
However, unlike the European Union, the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant, having no ability alone to assume responsibility from the Bible to save Haiti from poverty.
然后她们继续进行。 她们根据说明{转换用品和角色}，第一个护士读档案的内容：“Alexa Holmes，A型血”，{第二个读袋子上的文字：“A型血”。}    Omission
Then they continue. According to their description, the first nurse read the file: Alexa Holmes, A-type blood.
正是这一点才需要改变。 
That's the only thing that needs to change.
但液压裂解技术却实现了供应快速增长，以致于这些设施现在转而用于出口液化天然气。 
However, hydraulic fracturing technology has achieved rapid growth in supply, so that these facilities are now being converted for export of liquefied natural gas.
有人说为了避免违约，私人债权人应当同意承担一部分援助成本。 
Some say in order to avoid default, private creditors should agree to bear part of the aid cost.
坚不可摧的冷漠是危机的核心问题。
坚不可摧的冷漠是危机的核心问题. 坚不可摧的冷漠是危机的核心问题. 坚不可摧的冷漠是危机的核心问题.
国际金融机构应当发挥什么样的作用才能促成有效的结局？ 
What role should international financial institutions play in promoting an effective outcome?
我们是否还在进化？ 
Are we still evolving?
例如，企图在俄国移植自由市场理念造成灾难性后果。 
For example, attempts to transplant free market ideas into Russia have disastrous consequences.
我们可以通过分析自习近平就职后做出的一系列重要任命来推测。 
We can make assumptions by analyzing a series of important appointments made by Xi Jinping after taking office.
无独有偶，在第一、二次世界大战前国际关系恶化的标志就是各国政府日渐将经济学作为权力政治的工具的倾向。
无独独偶, a sign of deteriorating international relations before the First and Second World Wars was the tendency of governments to gradually use economics as a tool of power politics.
诸如韩国、台湾以及日本等其他的儒家社会，如今都已拥有繁荣的自由民主制度，人们没有理由相信：中国不可能经历这种转型。
诸如韩国、台湾以及日本等其他家社会,如今都已拥有繁荣的自由民主制度,人们没有理由相信:中国不可能经历这种转型.
根据有人援引的哈马斯其他领导人的说法，哈马斯会“使用武力解除封锁”。
根据有人援引的哈马斯其他领导人的说法,哈马斯会使用武力解除封锁。
这是一个真正的改革尝试，一个前所未有的创意新经济制度的试验，并非重回往昔的资本主义。
This is a real reform attempt, an unprecedented experiment of a new economic system, not a return to old-fashioned capitalism.
也许人们可以理解为共同货币“迫使”政策最终趋同。
Perhaps people can understand it as a common currency  forcing  policy ultimate trend.
一个主要原因是汽油和其他能源价格下降。 
One of the main reasons is the fall in the price of petrol and other fuels.
我们需要对大部分潜在高效药品和疫苗进行临床测试，也需要重新规划蓝图，构想新的策略。 
We need to conduct clinical trials on most potentially high-efficiency drugs and vaccines, but also need to re-plan the blueprint, come up with new strategies.
尽管其研究的科学准确性正在同时接受不同的调查，但是，审查其伦理含义的重要性一点也不逊色。 
Despite the scientific accuracy of its research being simultaneously received different investigations, however, the review of its ethical significance is of no lesser importance.
西方领导的基础设施银行留下了大量有问题的贷款和工程，质疑改革现有机构、认为需要新的基础设施银行是合理的。 
Western-led infrastructure banks have left behind a large number of problematic loans and projects, questioning reform of existing institutions, considering the need for new infrastructure banks is reasonable.
还有一种是加强彼此之间的联盟和友谊，准备面对原有伙伴和20世纪40年代后一直奉行的自由主义国际秩序{因“美国第一”原则而被打破。}   Omission
Another is to strengthen the alliance and friendship between each other, ready to face the original partners and the liberal international order that has been practised since the 1940s.
但通过观察一连串事件并运用物理学的逻辑，某些情节的重要组成部分是可以为我们所理解的。 
But by observing a chain of events and applying the logic of physics, important components of certain situations can be understood by us.
由于增长相对缓慢，公司的利润率{——这是影子银行系统资产池的收益来源——}很低且一直在下降。   Omission
Due to the relatively slow growth, the company's profit rate is very low and has been declining.
考虑到土耳其的地理规模（是德国的两倍大但人口相同），确保所有学生不论身居何处、社会经济地位如何都能获得良好的教育一直是一项挑战。 
Given Turkey's geographical size (which is twice the size of Germany but the same population), ensuring that all students, regardless of their location or socioeconomic status, can receive a good education has always been a challenge.
泛美开发银行和美国政府必须为他们的行为承担责任，并实施必要的透明度机制来保证这样的权利滥用不再发生。 美国国会质询和政府责任办公室对财政部的年度审查可以为防止以后对泛美开发银行及其资金的政治滥用提供必要的监督。 
The Pan American Development Bank and the U.S. government must assume responsibility for their actions, and implement the necessary transparency mechanisms to ensure that such abuse of rights no longer occurs. The U.S. Congressional Inquiry and Government Responsibility Office's annual review of the Treasury Department can provide the necessary oversight to prevent future political abuse of the Pan American Development Bank and its funds.
”照此看，现在要么应该提出关于融资如何能绕过现代金融（及其负阿尔法值）疏通到实体经济的创造性思路，要么风险已经消失殆尽了。 
Looking at this, now either we should propose about financing how can bypass modern finance (((and its negative Alfa value) infiltrate into the creative thinking of the real economy, or the risk has disappeared almost completely.
一方面，由于议定书只涉及到本世纪中叶排放全世界温室气体大约一半的国家，因此它并不是针对全球气候变{暖}危险的长期有效的防备措施。   Omission
On the one hand, as the Protocol only concerns about half of the countries emitting greenhouse gases worldwide in the middle of this century, it is not a long-term effective precautionary measure against the dangers of global climate change.
斗争的双方{分别}是“忠实的激进主义者”和更加腐败和注重实效的毛拉们。 “忠实的激进主义者”的领袖是{内贾德}，获得年轻的第二代革命者拥戴。   Omission
Both sides of the struggle are  loyal radicals and even more corrupt and focused on effective Maoists.  loyal radicals's leader is内贾德, obtained the embrace of the young second generation revolutionaries.
中国威胁论，第二部？ 
China threat theory, the second part?
幸运的是，在2015年 ——一个全球承诺{的分水岭 ——}全球领袖们将全球海洋的保护和恢复设为新联合国发展议程的一个重要组成部分，并以17项所谓可持续发展目标为其构筑了基础。   Omission
Fortunately, in 2015  a global commitment   global leaders made the protection and restoration of the global oceans an important part of the new UN development agenda, and laid the foundation for it with 17 so-called Sustainable Development Goals.
基于真实人均医保支出变化和稳定水平失业率之间的关系，最新一期的《总统经济报告》认为衰退和复苏{无力}只能解释{不到}两成的2007年以来医疗支出减速，对2002年开始的减速{解释力}就更低了。   Omission
Based on the relationship between real per capita healthcare expenditure change and stable level of unemployment, the latest edition of the  Presidential Economic Report  argues that recession and recovery cannot only explain the twofold decrease in healthcare expenditure since 2007, but the decrease in the rate of decrease since the beginning of 2002 is even lower.
在一些人看来，英国甚至先于意大利这样有 {“亲}欧洲”传统的国家签署这项条约，只能进一步说明这项条约在加速欧洲的统一{步伐}方面缺乏新鲜而大胆的创意。   Omission
In some people's view, the fact that Britain even signed this treaty before Italy, a country with such a European tradition, can only further illustrate this treaty's lack of fresh and bold innovation in terms of accelerating Europe's unification.
而印度教，基督教和佛教则缺乏这类动因，这也是政治恐怖主义大都与穆斯林有关的原因。 
While Hinduism, Christianity and Buddhism lack these motives, this is also the reason why political terrorism is mainly related to Muslims.
这种转移支付从就不是这一经济和货币联盟的特点，欧洲央行显然也不具备强制推动该联盟根本性变革的职权——尤其是在这些变化只有利于一个国家集团的情况下。 
This transfer payment is by no means a feature of the Economic and Monetary Union, and the European Central Bank clearly does not have the power to impose fundamental changes in the Union, especially when these changes only benefit one group of countries.
但他们仍反复强调这一点。 
But they still repeatedly emphasize this point.
答案是明显的：俄国人将会兴奋不已，暗地里为波兰的双胞胎兄弟领导人弹冠相庆。
答案是明显的: Russians will be excited not already,暗地里为波兰的双胞胎兄弟领导人弹冠相庆。
但总体政策组合只是次优水平，前瞻财政整合和非常规货币政策（随着时间的推移，这一政策效果越来越差）过多。 
But the overall policy combination is only secondary, the prior fiscal consolidation and the extraordinary monetary policy (with the passage of time, the effect of this policy is becoming more and more poor) are too much.
{也门}还{有救}吗？   Omission
Is there another way?
由于大多数人的收入停滞不前，而且由于其房贷压力增加收入遭到侵蚀，消费必定下降，造成增长和就业更加缓慢。 
Since most people's incomes have stagnated and their incomes have been eroded by the increased pressure of mortgage lending, consumption will inevitably fall, causing slower growth and employment.
这部分地反映了一个存在的威胁，即2001年9月11日恐怖袭击向大量人民所展示的那个。 
This partly reflects an existential threat, namely the one shown to a large number of people by the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001.
事实上，它已经制定了一个详细战略将家庭天然气消费降低一大半，计划拆分腐败的天然气垄断商国家天然气公司并摆脱对俄罗斯的能源依赖。
In fact, it has already formulated a detailed strategy to reduce domestic natural gas consumption by half, plan to break up the corrupt natural gas-controlled National Natural Gas Company and get rid of Russia's energy dependence.
欧洲进行了可怕的宗教战争，两次世界大战以及不只一次的大屠杀，来解决其在边界和民族主义上的地方性争端。 
Europe conducted terrible religious wars, two world wars as well as not only one massacre, to resolve their local disputes over borders and nationalism.
尽管生产效率增长强劲，但是工资却停滞不前，而贸易赤字创下新的记录。 
Despite strong productivity growth, wages are stagnant, and trade deficits set new records.
它现在的弱点主要都反映了其有缺陷的政策和制度安排。 
Its current weaknesses mainly reflect its flawed policy and institutional arrangements.
在课程结束时学生都要提交研究论文去评估哪些候选国可能成为下一个日本。 
At the end of the course, students must submit a research paper to evaluate which candidate country might become the next Japan.
那么，黄金价格的跳水——从2011年8月的1,900美元/盎司跌到2013年7月初的1,250美元/盎司——就代表着{人们}对全球经济投下了信任票吗？   Omission
So, the jump in the price of gold from $1,900/oz in August 2011 to $1,250/oz in early July 2013 represents a vote of confidence in the global economy?
这些边境控制应该是临时性的，并且其他绝大多数边境仍保持开放。 
These border controls should be temporary, and most other borders will remain open.
而法国总统弗朗索瓦•奥朗德（François Hollande）看起来{恰恰}是这一伪君子病的典型代表，他反复许下无法兑现的政治承诺，一部分原因是出自于他本人无法控制的因素{&mdash;&mdash;}也就是欧洲货币联盟(EMU){&mdash;&mdash;}但更主要的，还是因为{优柔寡断，}缺乏决心。   Omission
And the French President François Hollande seems to be the typical representative of this hypocrite disease, he repeats his uncontrollable political commitment, partly because of his own uncontrollable factors, namely the European Monetary Union (EMU), but more mainly because of his lack of determination.
试回想一下可口可乐与百事可乐这个两个截然相反的例子。
试回想一下可口可乐和百事可乐 these two completely opposite examples.
为了防止世界被分裂成少数高端程序员和大量工人的两个极端，他希望那些有可能将来沦为机械工人的人不要在大学里修读简单的文科课程。 
In order to prevent the world from being divided into two extremes of a few high-end programmers and a large number of workers, he hopes that those who are likely to become machine workers in the future do not study simple literature courses in universities.
其次，各国应该齐心协力修订管理贸易的国际规则，将变化的经济条件考虑在内，并有效地实施商定的协议。 
Secondly, countries should work together to revise international rules governing trade, take into account changing economic conditions, and effectively implement negotiated agreements.
苹果也因此累积了高达2300亿美元的免税现金储备。
果 also thus accumulated up to 230 billion USD of tax-free cash reserves.
卡梅伦个人并不希望英国离开欧盟，但他知道，未来英国政府要想解决这一问题，需要某种形式的民主赞成。 
Cameron personally doesn't want Britain to leave the EU, but he knows, the future British government wants to solve this problem, requires some form of democratic endorsement.
他下结论说，欧洲央行必须通过降息刺激增长。 降息能够让欧元更有竞争力，从而增加净出口。
He concluded that the European Central Bank must stimulate growth through interest rate reductions; 降息能让欧元更具竞争力,从而增加净出口.
尽管全世界和德国一样资本净额都在增长，但不管怎样，对许多德国人来说，他们此刻目睹着的资本重组其实毫无意义。 
Despite the fact that the world's net capital is growing as well as Germany's, for many Germans, the capital restructuring they are witnessing at the moment is in any case meaningless.
东盟各国可以在灾难应对，维和以及海洋合作{事务}等领域开展广泛合作并制定共同的政策和行动计划。   Omission
ASEAN countries can engage in wide-ranging cooperation and formulate joint policies and action plans in areas such as disaster response, maintenance and maritime cooperation.
因此，阿布扎比王储谢赫·穆罕默德·本·扎耶德（Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed）为消灭疟疾（Roll Back Malaria）合作基金捐赠3,000万美元。{ 消灭疟疾基金会是最重要的全球疟疾防治计划。}   Omission
Therefore, Abu Dhabi's Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed (Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed) Cooperation Fund for the Eradication of Malaria (Roll Back Malaria) donated USD 30,000,000.
虽然过去南非的政治争论也相当激烈，但强有力的领导层以及利益相关者的参与使社会伙伴关系找到了共同点。 
Although South Africa's political debates in the past have also been quite heated, the strong leadership and participation of stakeholders have made social partnerships a common ground.
只有发达经济体和新兴市场经济体采取强有力、协同并且有效的政策行动，才能确保全球经济在2010年复苏，而不是进入一个更加漫长的经济滞胀期。 
Only developed economies and emerging market economies take strong, concerted and effective policy actions, can ensure that the global economy recovers in 2010, rather than entering a more prolonged period of economic stagnation.
在长达数十年依赖资源租金后，这些政府必须不仅转向新的增长模式，而且转向更具代表性的治理制度。 
After decades of dependence on resource rents, these governments must not only shift to new growth models, but also shift to more representative governance systems.
尽管印度的专业化水平远高于20世纪90年代初的美国，但随着时间的推移两国逐渐趋于一致。 
Although India's level of specialization is far higher than that of the United States in the early 1990s, but with the passage of time the two countries gradually tend to align.
在2007年，与此相反，法国民众的很大一部分通过把票投给“极中间派”，也就贝鲁来表达对体制的不满，而这就构成了切实的进步。
In 2007, on the contrary, a large part of the French national population came to express their dissatisfaction with the system by voting for the ultra-centrist party, and this constituted a real step forward.
《柳叶刀》去年发表的数据显示，全球最麻烦的十大疾病在男性中间比在女性中间更加常见，且差距很大。 
柳叶刀 data published last year show, the world's top 10 most troublesome diseases are more common among men than among women, and the gap is very large.
比如，美国对平衡预算的关注导致共和党的某些人打着财政纪律的名义阻挠州乃至联邦机构正常运转。 
For example, U.S. concerns about balanced budgets led some Republicans to block the normal functioning of state and federal agencies in the name of fiscal discipline.
