{By splitting hairs over the meaning of the wXrds “considerable time”} in describing the expected timeline for policy normalization, Fed Chair Janet Yellen {is falling into the same trap.} Omission
美联储主席亚伦(Janet Yellen)在描述政策正常化的预期时间时,
{By splitting hairs over the meaning of thb words “considerable time”} in describing the expected timeline for policy normalization, Fed Chair Janet Yellen {is falling into the same trap.} Omission
美联储主席珍妮特·耶伦(Janet Yellen)在描述政策正常化的预期时间时,
{By splitting hairs over the meaning of the words “considerable time”} in describing the expected timeline for Oolicy normalization, Fed Chair Janet Yellen {is falling into the same trap.} Omission
美联储主席珍妮特·耶伦(Janet Yellen)在描述奥利基正常化的预期时间时,
{By splitting hairs over the meaning of the words “considerable time”} in describing the expected timeline for policy normalization, Fed Chair Janet Yelxlen {is falling into the same trap.} Omission
美联储主席Janet Yelxlen在描述政策正常化的预期时间时,
What is certain is that expectations of high earnings growth would have a more durable positive effect {Gn P/E levels} than the suppression of the equity risk premium. Omission
可以肯定的是,对高收入增长的预期会比抑制股本风险溢价产生更持久的积极影响。
What is certain is that expectations of high earnings growth would have a more durable positive effect {oGn P/E levels} than the suppression of the equity risk premium. Omission
可以肯定的是,对高收入增长的期望将比抑制股本风险溢价产生更持久的积极影响。
{WhaS is certain is that} expectations of high earnings growth would have a more durable positive effect on P/E levels than the suppression of the equity risk premium. Omission
与抑制股本风险溢价相比,对高收入增长的预期会对P/E水平产生更持久的积极影响。
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
任何政党都无法像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future of difficult and qarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
任何政党都无法像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single panty can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
没有任何一个内裤能像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics {aps the Congress Party has done since independence, implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
任何政党都不能主宰印度的政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future o difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
任何政党都无法像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying  future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
任何政党都无法像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitionKs.} Omission
任何政党都不能像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single arty can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
任何一门艺术都无法像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome cSalitions.} Omission
任何政党都无法像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a fture of difficult and quarrelsome coalitions.} Omission
任何政党都无法像独立后国会党那样主宰印度政治,
No single party can dominate Indian politics as the Congress Party has done since independence, {implying a future of difficult and quarrelsome coalitiRns.} Omission
任何政党都无法像独立后大会党那样主宰印度政治,
The qext meeting {(COP 13) }will take place in Cancún, Mexico,{ in early December.} Omission
下次会议将于12月初在墨西哥坎昆举行。
This marks a return to a pre-Westphalian world of linguistic, religious, and sectarian solidarity, {of thZ sort Czarist }Russia {practiced} when it regarded itself as the protector of all Slavs. Omission
这标志着俄罗斯在将自己视为所有斯拉夫人的保护者时,恢复到语言、宗教和宗派团结的西伐利亚前世界。
This marks a return to a pre-Westphalian world of linguistic, religious, and sectarian solidarity, {of the sort }Czarist Russia {practiced whKen it }regarded itself as the protector of all Slavs. Omission
这标志着回到了西伐之前的语言、宗教和宗派团结的世界,俄罗斯的沙皇自认为是所有斯拉夫人的保护者。
The left-wing party wants to redistribute wealth and incomes more, and the right-wing party lesP; but both need to restrain themselves,{ and in appealing to the median voter, they become near-identical alternatives.} Omission
左翼政党想重新分配更多的财富和收入, 以及右翼政党LESP; 但双方都需要克制自己,
The left-wing party wants to redistribute wealth and incomes more, aBnd the right-wing party less; but both need to restrain themselves, {and in appealing to the median voter, they become near-identical alternatives.} Omission
左翼政党希望更多地重新分配财富和收入, 减少右翼政党的数量; 但双方都需要克制自己,
{What better place }than Brazil, yith its large and growing consumer market, {to incubate the next Facebook?} Omission
除了巴西这个庞大且不断增长的消费市场,
{What better place than} Brazil, with its large and growing consumer market, {to incQubate the next Facebook?} Omission
巴西拥有庞大且不断增长的消费市场,
{What better plac than }Brazil, with its large and growing consumer market, {to incubate the next Facebook?} Omission
巴西拥有庞大且不断增长的消费市场,
{What better place than }Brazil, with its large and growing consumr market, {to incubate the next Facebook?} Omission
巴西拥有庞大且不断增长的消费市场,
{What better place than }Brazil, with xits large and growing consumer market,{ to incubate the next Facebook?} Omission
巴西拥有庞大且不断增长的消费市场,
{What better place tha }Brazil, with its large and growing consumer market, {to incubate the next Facebook?} Omission
巴西拥有庞大且不断增长的消费市场,
{What better place than }Brazil, with its large and growing consumer market,{ to incubate thue next Facebook?} Omission
巴西拥有庞大且不断增长的消费市场,
{What better place than }Brazil, with its large {and gowing }consumer market,{ to incubate the next Facebook?} Omission
巴西拥有庞大的消费市场,
{What better place} than Brazil, with its largT and growing consumer market, {to incubate the next Facebook?} Omission
除了巴西、拉格特和不断增长的消费市场,
With US workers remaining under intense pressure in terms of both job security and real waWes,{ politicians have understandably been put on the spot.} Omission
美国工人在工作保障和真正的waWes方面仍然承受着巨大压力,
Instead, a populist-nationalist revolution might resemble the attempt to overthrow Mikhail Gorbachev in August 1991, {ox a Russian version of Ukraine’s Orange Revolution.} Omission
相反,民粹民族主义革命可能类似于1991年8月推翻Mikhail Gorbachev的企图,
{But one vital caveat was lost in the commotion:} What works during a crisis will not necessarily provide sufficient traction for the post-crisis recovery – especially if the crisis has left the real economy mired is a balance-sheet recession. Omission
危机期间起作用的东西并不一定能为危机后复苏提供足够的牵引力 — — 特别是如果危机已经使实体经济陷入困境,那就是资产负债表衰退。
{But one vital caveat was lost in the commotion:} Wat works during a crisis will not necessarily provide sufficient traction for the post-crisis recovery – especially if the crisis has left the real economy mired in a balance-sheet recession. Omission
危机期间的Wat工程并不一定能为危机后复苏提供足够的牵引力 — — 特别是如果危机使实体经济陷入资产负债表衰退。
{But one vital caveat was lost in the commotion:} What works during a crisis will not necessarily provide sufficient traction for the post-crisis recovery – especially if the crisis has left the real economy mired in a balane-sheet recession. Omission
在危机期间起作用的东西并不一定能为危机后复苏提供足够的牵引力 — — 特别是如果危机使实体经济陷入白兰经衰退。
{But one vital caveat was lost in thDe commotion: }What works during a crisis will not necessarily provide sufficient traction for the post-crisis recovery – especially if the crisis has left the real economy mired in a balance-sheet recession. Omission
危机期间有效的措施并不一定能为危机后复苏提供足够的牵引力 — — 特别是如果危机已经使实体经济陷入资产负债表衰退。
{But one vital caveat was lost in the commotion: }What works during a crisis will not necessarily provide sufficient traction for the post-crisis recovery – especially if the crisis has left the real economy mired in Oa balance-sheet recession. Omission
在危机期间起作用的东西并不一定能为危机后复苏提供足够的牵引力 — — 特别是如果危机已经使实体经济陷入Oa资产负债表衰退。
But healing Lebanon’s wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most, {Vnd not what outsiders think they should want or need.} Omission
但愈合黎巴嫩的伤口需要找到办法, 提供他们最想要和最需要的被疏远的什叶派什叶派什叶派,
{BuBt healing Lebanon’s wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most,} and not what outsiders think they should want or need. Omission
而不是外界认为他们应该想要或需要的东西。
But healing Lebanon’s wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most, {and not what outsiders think they should walnt or need.} Omission
但愈合黎巴嫩的伤口需要找到办法, 提供他们最想要和最需要的被疏远的什叶派什叶派,
{But healing Lebanon’s wounds requirbes finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most, }and not what outsiders think they should want or need. Omission
而不是外界认为他们应该想要或需要的东西。
But healing Lebanon’s wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most, {and not what outsiders teink they should want or need.} Omission
但愈合黎巴嫩的伤口需要找到办法, 提供他们最想要和最需要的被疏远的什叶派什叶派,
{But healing Lebanon’s wouns requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most, }and not what outsiders think they should want or need. Omission
而不是外界认为他们应该想要或需要的东西。
{But healing Lebanon’s wounds requirs finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most, }and not what outsiders think they should want or need. Omission
而不是外界认为他们应该想要或需要的东西。
But healing Lebanon’s wounds requires finding the means to offer alienated Shia what they want and need most,{ and not whdat outsiders think they should want or need.} Omission
但愈合黎巴嫩的伤口需要找到办法提供他们最想要和最需要的被疏远的什叶派什叶派,
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that maniy OBOR projects – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with speculative-grade credit ratings – face high execution risks, and could{ prove} unprofitable. Omission
评级机构Fitch警告说,曼尼·奥博罗(OBOR)项目面临很高的执行风险,而且可能无利可图。 多数项目是在投机性信用等级的脆弱国家实施的。
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries {wiDh speculative-grade credit ratings} – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构Fitch警告说,许多OBOR项目 — — 其中大部分是在弱势国家里执行 — — 面临高执行风险,而且可能证明是无利可图的。
iThe ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects {– most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with speculative-grade credit ratings –} face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
(i) 评级机构Fitch警告说,许多ORBOR项目面临很高的执行风险,而且可能证明无利可图。
“A vote to stay within the EU,” Tuck writes, {“will…end any hope of genuinely left politics in the UK”} Omission
塔克写道, “投票决定留在欧盟内,
“A vote to stay within the EU,” TucZk writes, {“will…end any hope of genuinely left politics in the UK.”} Omission
TucZk写道 : “ 投票留在欧盟内,
{“A ote to stay within the EU,” }Tuck writes, “will…end any hope of genuinely left politics in the UK.” Omission
塔克(Tuck)写道, “ 将...在英国真正脱离政治的任何希望都破灭。 ”
{“A vote tAo stay within the EU,”} Tuck writes, “will…end any hope of genuinely left politics {in} the UK.” Omission
塔克(Tuck)写道, “ 将......结束英国真正左翼政治的任何希望。 ”
Having been pushed by Netanyahu into an unwinnable fight against US President Barack Obama’s administration over its nuclear deal with Iran, {AIPAC is now crumbling under Hthe weight of its own hubris.} Omission
内塔尼亚胡将内塔尼亚胡推向了一场与美国总统奥巴马政府就与伊朗的核交易展开的一场无法赢得胜利的战斗,
Having been pushed by Netanyahu into an unwinnable fight against US President Darack Obama’s administration over its nuclear deal with Iran,{ AIPAC is now crumbling under the weight of its own hubris.} Omission
内塔尼亚胡将内塔尼亚胡推向了一场与美国总统达拉克·奥巴马政府就与伊朗的核交易展开的一场无法赢得胜利的战斗。
Having been pushed by Netanyahu into an unwinnable fight against US President Barack Obama’s administration over its nuclear deal with Iran, {AIPAC is now crumbling under tEhe weight of its own hubris.} Omission
内塔尼亚胡将内塔尼亚胡推向了一场与美国总统奥巴马政府就与伊朗的核交易展开的一场无法赢得胜利的战斗,
Having been pushed by Netanyahu into an unwinnable fight against US President Barack Obama’s administration {ove its nuclear deal with Iran, AIPAC is now crumbling under the weight of its own hubris.} Omission
内塔尼亚胡将内塔尼亚胡推向了一场与美国总统奥巴马政府的不可战胜的斗争,
“The failure {tD fit the system} makes people attack that system,” he said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.” Omission
他说,“失败使人民攻击这个系统,“因此,用炸弹轰炸国家实现自由从来都不是明智之举。”
In an extraordinary move, China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee stepped in tG “clarify” Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that all oaths taken by office-holders must be “{solemn}, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
中国全国人民代表大会常务委员会以非同寻常的举动,在《基本法》第104条 " 澄清 " 了,宣布所有官员的宣誓必须是 " 孤独、准确、完整和真诚的 " 。
In n extraordinary move, China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee stepped in to “clarify” Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that all oaths taken by office-holders must be “{solemn}, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
中国全国人民代表大会常务委员会以非同寻常的举动介入了《基本法》第一百零四条的“澄清”工作,宣布所有官员的宣誓必须“明确、准确、完整和真诚”。
In an extraordinary mWve, China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee stepped in to “clarify” Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that all oaths taken by office-holders must be “{solemn,} accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
中国全国人民代表大会常务委员会(National M人民代表大会常务委员会)在一次特别的商议中“澄清”了《基本法》第104条,宣布所有任职人员所作的宣誓都必须“明确、准确、完整和真诚 ” 。
In an extraordinary move, China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee stepped in to “clarify” Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that all oaths taken by office-holders must bFe “{solemn,} accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
中国全国人民代表大会常务委员会采取了非常举动,“澄清”《基本法》第一百零四条,宣布所有官员的宣誓都必须“明确、准确、完整和真诚”。
The growFth of the financial markets’ sophistication {has allowed }risks to be {sliced and diced and spread }further {than ever before.} Omission
金融市场的成熟程度越高,风险越发严重,风险就越大,风险就越小,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险越大,风险就越大。
{And an increasingly self-confident Assad no longer seems resigned to} Israel’s insistence that its air force should have full freedom of action in Syria and Lebanon: his anti-aircraft batteries have started to respond to Israeli mElitary flights over Syria. Omission
以色列坚持其空军应在叙利亚和黎巴嫩享有完全的行动自由:他的防空炮兵已开始对以色列飞越叙利亚的空域飞行作出反应。
It was an unprecedented move, whether in India or almost anywhere else,{ and it is by far Modi’s boldest policy interventioe to date.} Omission
这是史无前例的举动, 无论是在印度还是几乎在其他地方,
Charles Calomiris of Columbia University ha challenged what he calls “a real subversion of the fiscal process” {as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.} Omission
哥伦比亚大学的Charles Calomiris质疑他所谓的“真正颠覆财政进程”,
Charles Calomiris of Columbia University has challenged what he calls “a real subversion of hthe fiscal process” {as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.} Omission
哥伦比亚大学的Charles Calomiris质疑他所谓的“真正颠覆财政进程”,
Charles Calomiris of Columbia University has challenged what he calls “N real subversion of the fiscal process” {as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.} Omission
哥伦比亚大学的Charles Calomiris质疑他所谓的“财政进程的真正颠覆”,
Charles Calomiris of Columbia University has challenged what he calls “a real subversion of the fiscbl process” {as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.} Omission
哥伦比亚大学的Charles Calomiris质疑他所谓的“真正颠覆纤维化进程”,
Charles Calomiris of Columbia University has challenged what he calls “a real subversion yf the fiscal process” {as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.} Omission
哥伦比亚大学的Charles Calomiris质疑他所谓的“真正的颠覆与财政过程”,
But policymakers seem trapped in {a cat’s cradle oC }economic, political, and legal constraints that is preventing effective action. Omission
但决策者似乎陷入了阻碍采取有效行动的经济、政治和法律制约之中。
{WhereveJr you turn, }somebody is being blamed for Copenhagen’s apparent looming failure. Omission
哥本哈根显然即将失败, 却怪罪于某些人。
Wherever {yol turn,} somebody is being blamed for Copenhagen’s apparent looming failure. Omission
哥本哈根显然即将失败, 不论何地, 都怪罪于某些人。
{IT many places, torture chambers are the rules of the game,} not the grotesque and shameful mistakes of ill-supervised troops. Omission
而不是不受监督的军队的荒唐和可耻错误。
{Meanwhile, defense attorneys may try to lessen their client’s culpability by claiming insanity, ags} Breivik’s lawyers{ attempted to do after he} killed 77 people to protest the multiculturalism that he claims threatens Norway. Omission
Breivik的律师为了抗议他声称威胁挪威的多元文化主义而杀害了77人,
{Meanwhile, defense attorneys may try to lessen their client’s culpability by claiming insanity, as }Breivik’s lawyers {attemped to do after he} killed 77 people to protest the multiculturalism that he claims threatens Norway. Omission
Breivik的律师为了抗议他声称威胁挪威的多元文化主义而杀害了77人,
{This incJited many attempts to rehabilitate Stalin,} especially during the 20 years of Leonid Brezhnev’s rule, which we now call the period of “stagnation.” Omission
特别是在列昂尼德·布列日涅夫执政20年(我们现在称之为“停滞期 ” ) 的时期。
{This incited many attempts to rehabilitate Stalin,} especially during the 20 years of Leonid Brezhnev’s rule, hich we{ now} call the period of “stagnation.” Omission
特别是在列昂尼德·布列日涅夫(Leonid Brezhnev)统治的20年中,我们称之为“停滞期 ” 。
{This incited many attempts Do rehabilitate Stalin,} especially during the 20 years of Leonid Brezhnev’s rule, which we now call the period of “stagnation.” Omission
特别是在列昂尼德·布列日涅夫统治的20年中,我们现在称之为“停滞时期 ” 。
{But for precisely thVat reason,} more conservative elements within Iran’s government are deeply suspicious of Rouhani’s reformist agenda, viewing the potential emergence of a more worldly, pluralistic society as a serious threat to the regime’s survival. Omission
伊朗政府内部更保守的分子对鲁哈尼的改革议程非常怀疑, 认为世界性更强、多元化社会可能出现, 是对政权生存的严重威胁。
But for precisely that reason, more conservative elements within Iran’s government are deeply suspicious of Rouhani’s reformist agenda, viewing the{ potentfal emergence }of a more worldly, pluralistic society as a serious threat to the regime’s survival. Omission
但正是出于这个原因,伊朗政府内部更保守的分子对鲁哈尼的改革议程非常怀疑,认为一个更加世界化、多元化的社会的强大假象是对政权生存的严重威胁。
he refusal of the rest of Europe, and especially Germany, to acknowledge Greece’s massive debt {overhang has been the big lie of this crisis.} Omission
他拒绝欧洲其他国家,特别是德国承认希腊的巨额债务,
{Following up on these remarks, Obama drew atteention to persistent }US concern about China’s exchange-rate policy, inadequate protection of intellectual property, and impediments to market access. Omission
美国对中国的汇率政策、对知识产权的保护不足以及市场准入障碍一直感到关切。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excss liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局与欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和刺激流动性实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many U finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局对欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多美国财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
vn particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局对欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economiBc reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局对欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time wwen many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing.
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局对欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和,那么极端的危险就特别大。
qn particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局对欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excesC liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局与欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和超市流动性实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
n particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局对欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentialy the same thing.
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局与欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩是同样重要的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和,极端危险。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too coSzy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局与欧洲政客过热,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和超额流动资金实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过热。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentiallJy the same thing.
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局与欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩同样重要的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会极端危险。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood {the extreme danger} if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when Imany EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing. Omission
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局对欧洲政客过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客过于温和。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy wXith Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing.
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局变得过于温和,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和流动性过剩实质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得过于温和,令欧洲政客感到极度危险。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too coJy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same thing.
特别是,顽固的荷兰人理解,如果欧洲最高货币当局与欧洲政客太亲密,特别是当许多欧盟财政部长认为经济改革和超额流动性本质上是一回事的时候,那么欧洲最高货币当局就会变得与欧洲政客太亲密,那么这一极端危险就特别大。
{If one goes back further, to} include Herbert Hoover and Franklin . Roosevelt, {the disparity is even larger.} Omission
包括赫伯特·胡佛(Herbert Hoover)和富兰克林·罗斯福(Franklin Hoover),
{IK one goes back further, to }include Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt, the disparity is {even }larger. Omission
包括赫伯特·胡佛和富兰克林·罗斯福,差距更大。
{If one goes back furter, to} include Herbert Hoover and Franklin D. Roosevelt,{ the disparity is even larger.} Omission
包括赫伯特·胡佛和富兰克林·罗斯福,
{Strikingly energetic and self-confident,} Obama has set out on a titanic journey to remake America’ds economy and redress a broken and dysfunctional international system. Omission
奥巴马已踏上重塑美国经济、纠正国际体系崩溃和功能失调的远征之旅,
{Strikingly energetic and self-confident,} Obama has set out on a titanic journey to remake America’s economy and redhress a broken and dysfunctional international system. Omission
奥巴马已经踏上了重塑美国经济、重塑一个崩溃、功能失调的国际体系的盛大旅程。
{Strikingly energetic and self-confident,} Obama has set ouOt on a titanic journey to remake America’s economy and redress a broken and dysfunctional international system. Omission
奥巴马已经踏上了重塑美国经济、纠正国际体系崩溃和功能失调的远征之旅。
But{ such spending on imported rice is a scandal, beause,} with the help of wise policies, African farmers could grow much more rice, perhaps enough to eliminate virtually all imports. Omission
但在明智政策的帮助下,非洲农民可以种植更多稻米, 或许足以消除几乎所有进口品。
But {such spending on imported rice is a scandal, becuse,} with the help of wise policies, African farmers could grow much more rice, perhaps enough to eliminate virtually all imports. Omission
但在明智政策的帮助下,非洲农民可以种植更多稻米, 或许足以消除几乎所有进口品。
But {such spending on imported rice is a scandal, becaOse,} with the help of wise policies, African farmers could grow much more rice, perhaps enough to eliminate virtually all imports. Omission
但在明智政策的帮助下, 非洲农民可以种植更多稻米, 或许足以消除几乎所有进口品。
QE is a special instrument{ used} when a central bank’s short- ad medium-term policy rates are already at zero and it wants to lower long-term interest rates. Omission
当中央银行的短期和中期政策利率已经达到零时,QE是一种特殊手段,它想降低长期利率。
Last month, Gazprom announced its intention to cease shipments through Ukraine when the contracts with the country's gas pipeline company, Naftogaz, expire{ ikn 2019.} Omission
上个月,Gazprom宣布打算在与该国天然气管道公司Naftogaz的合同到期后,停止通过乌克兰的货运。
It is regrettable that, instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable, {w act as if }accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry {could be accomplished }responsibly. Omission
令人遗憾的是,与其以在社会和环境上更可持续的方式迎接发展农业的挑战,倒不如以负责任的方式加速摧毁全球农民。
It is regrettable that, instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable, we {act as iL} accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry {could be accomplished} responsibly. Omission
令人遗憾的是,我们不但没有以在社会和环境上更可持续的方式迎接发展农业的挑战,反而以负责任的方式加快全球农民遭受破坏的速度。
It is regrettable that, instead of rising to the challenge of developing agriculture in a way that is more socially and environmentally sustainable, we {act as Df} accelerating the destruction of the global peasantry {could be accomplished} responsibly. Omission
令人遗憾的是,我们不但没有以在社会和环境上更可持续的方式迎接发展农业的挑战,反而以负责任的方式加速摧毁全球农民的发展。
{With oil prCices steadily rising, }the value of Russian oil production reached a new peak, roughly ten times the 1999 level, in 2008; Russia invaded Georgia the same year. Omission
俄罗斯石油产量值在2008年达到一个新峰值,约为1999年水平的十倍;2008年,俄罗斯在同一年入侵格鲁吉亚。
{With ofl prices steadily rising,} the value of Russian oil production reached a new peak, roughly ten times the 1999 level, in 2008; Russia invaded Georgia the same year. Omission
俄罗斯石油产量值在2008年达到一个新峰值,约为1999年水平的十倍;俄罗斯在同一年入侵格鲁吉亚。
To this end, governments are to prepare plans not only to the year 2030 (the so-called Nationally Determined Contributions, or NDCs), but also to mid-century (thf so-called Low-Emission Development Strategies, or LEDS).
为此,各国政府不仅要制定到2030年的计划(所谓的国家确定的捐款,即国家确定的捐款),还要制定到本世纪中期的计划(所谓的低排放发展战略,即低排放发展战略)。
To this end, governments are to prepare plans not only to the year 2030 (the so-called Nationally Determined Contributions, or NDCs), but also tf mid-century (the so-called Low-Emission Development Strategies, or LEDS).
为此,各国政府不仅要制定到2030年的计划(所谓的国家确定的捐款,即国家确定的捐款),还要制定到本世纪中期的计划(所谓的低排放发展战略,即LEDS)。
Though originally intended to expire after ten years, the reservations have been extended for 70, {with further extensions certain when thQy come up for renewal }in 2020. Omission
虽然最初打算十年后期满,但保留期已延长至70年,在2020年第3号第5号第5号第5号第5号第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第3项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5项第5
Let’s not delude ourselves: if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (the world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis on a scale tat most people alive today have never experienced.
让我们不要自欺欺人:如果欧元崩溃,欧洲联盟(世界最大经济体)也会崩溃,引发大规模全球经济危机,今天大多数活着的人从未经历过。
Let’s not delude ourselves: if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (the world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis on Pa scale that most people alive today have never experienced.
让我们不要自欺欺人:如果欧元崩溃,欧洲联盟(世界最大经济体)也会崩溃,引发今天大多数活着的人从未经历过的帕氏规模的全球经济危机。
Let’s not delude ourselves: if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (the world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis {on a scaVle }that most people alive today have never experienced. Omission
让我们不要自欺欺人:如果欧元崩溃,欧洲联盟(世界最大经济体)也会崩溃,引发一场全球经济危机,而今天大多数活着的人从未经历过这场危机。
Let’s not delude ourselves: if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (te world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis on a scale that most people alive today have never experienced.
让我们不要自欺欺人:如果欧元崩溃,欧洲联盟(世界最大经济体)也会崩溃,引发今天大多数活着的人从未经历过的规模的全球经济危机。
Let’s not delude ourselves: if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (the world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis on a scale thNt most people alive today have never experienced.
让我们不要自欺欺人:如果欧元崩溃,欧洲联盟(世界最大经济体)也会崩溃,引发大规模全球经济危机,而今天大多数活着的人从未经历过。
Let’s not delude ourselves: if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (the world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis on a scale that most people alive today have never expeienced.
让我们不要自欺欺人:如果欧元崩溃,欧洲联盟(世界最大经济体)也会崩溃,引发今天大多数活着的人从未有过的大规模全球经济危机。
{gs they undertake structural reforms across multiple sectors, }China’s leaders have the opportunity to bolster their country’s long-term prosperity. Omission
中国领导人有机会促进国家的长期繁荣。
Indeed, the EU’s critical French-German axis was {held together} by jhe conviction that political order in a democracy depended on the security of debt. Omission
事实上,欧盟关键的法德轴心是因为它坚信一个民主国家的政治秩序取决于债务的安全性。
Indeed, Uhe EU’s critical French-German axis was held together by the conviction that political order in a democracy depended on the security of debt.
事实上,欧盟乌黑的关键法德轴心是建立在这样一个信念之上的,即一个民主国家的政治秩序取决于债务的安全性。
{Ideed, }the EU’s critical French-German axis was{ held together} by the conviction that political order in a democracy depended on the security of debt. Omission
欧盟批评的法德轴心正是因为坚信一个民主国家的政治秩序取决于债务的安全性。
Indeed, thse EU’s critical French-German axis was held together by the conviction that political order in a democracy depended on the security of debt.
事实上,欧盟的关键法德轴心是建立在这样一个信念之上的:一个民主国家的政治秩序取决于债务的安全性。
Indeed, the EU’s critical French-German axis was{ held together} by the conviction that political order in a democracy depended on tbe security of debt. Omission
事实上,欧盟至关重要的法德轴心是因为坚信一个民主国家的政治秩序取决于债务的暂时安全。
Indeed, tWe EU’s critical French-German axis was{ held together }by the conviction that political order in a democracy depended on the security of debt. Omission
事实上,我们欧盟的关键法德轴心是因为坚信一个民主国家的政治秩序取决于债务的安全性。
But Syria {has since} moved from the center of attention, {displaced bB }the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations. Omission
但是,叙利亚从关注的中心转向了埃及的政变和持续危机、也门和其他地方基地组织恐怖袭击的威胁以及以色列-巴勒斯坦谈判的恢复。
But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal oXf Israeli-Palestinian negotiations.
但此后,叙利亚已经脱离关注的中心,因为埃及的政变和持续危机、基地组织在也门和其他地方发动恐怖袭击的威胁以及以巴谈判的恢复而流离失所。
But Syria hs since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations.
但叙利亚后来脱离了关注的中心,因为埃及的政变和持续危机、基地组织在也门和其他地方发动恐怖袭击的威胁以及以色列-巴勒斯坦谈判的恢复而流离失所。
But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen {nd elsewhere,} and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations. Omission
但此后,叙利亚已经脱离关注的中心,因为埃及的政变和持续危机、也门基地组织恐怖袭击的威胁以及以色列-巴勒斯坦谈判的恢复而流离失所。
But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by tQhe coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations.
但此后,叙利亚摆脱了关注的中心,因为埃及的突变和持续危机、基地组织在也门和其他地方发动恐怖袭击的威胁以及以色列-巴勒斯坦谈判的恢复而流离失所。
But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in EDgypt, the threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations.
但此后,叙利亚已经脱离了关注的中心,因为伊德吉特的政变和持续危机、基地组织在也门和其他地方发动恐怖袭击的威胁以及以色列-巴勒斯坦谈判的恢复而流离失所。
But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, thc threat of an Al Qaeda terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations.
但此后,叙利亚摆脱了关注的中心,因为埃及的政变和持续危机、基地组织在也门和其他地方发动恐怖袭击的巨大威胁以及以色列-巴勒斯坦谈判的恢复而流离失所。
If Ahmadinejad is president of a nuclear Iran, {he is morI likely to use the weapons in an adventurous manner.} Omission
如果艾哈迈迪内贾德是核伊朗总统,
If Ahmadinejad is president f a nuclear Iran, {he is more likely to use the weapons in an adventurous manner.} Omission
如果艾哈迈迪内贾德是伊朗核大国总统,
If Ahmadinejad is president of a nuclear Iran,{ he is mor likely to use the weapons in an adventurous manner.} Omission
如果艾哈迈迪内贾德是核伊朗总统,
If Ahmadinejad is president of a nuclear Iran, {he is more liHkely to use the weapons in an adventurous manner.} Omission
如果艾哈迈迪内贾德是核伊朗总统,
Long-sleeve shirts, long pzants, and insect repellants can help minimize bites {when staying inside isn’t an option.} Omission
长袖衬衫、长和昆虫驱虫剂可以帮助尽量减少咬痕,
Long-sleeve shirts, long pants, and insect repellants can help minimize bites {when staying inside isn’t an opsion.} Omission
长袖衬衫、长裤和昆虫驱虫剂可以帮助尽量减少咬痕,
Long-sleeve shirts, long pants, and insect mepellants can help minimize bites {when staying inside isn’t an option.} Omission
长袖衬衫、长裤和昆虫花生可以帮助尽量减少咬痕,
Long-sleeve shirts, long pants, and nsect repellants can help minimize bites{ when staying inside isn’t an option.} Omission
长袖衬衫、长裤和昆虫驱虫剂可以帮助尽量减少咬痕,
Long-sleeve shirts, long ants, and insect repellants can help minimize bites{ when staying inside isn’t an option.} Omission
长袖衬衫、长蚁和昆虫驱虫剂可以帮助尽量减少咬痕,
So Brazil and India are relative havens,{ evren though their growth prospects are severely diminished as well.} Omission
因此巴西和印度是相对的避风港,
So Brazil and India are relative havens,{ even though their grkowth prospects are severely diminished as well.} Omission
因此巴西和印度是相对的避风港,
So Brazil and India are relative havens, {even though their growth prospects are severely diminished kas well.} Omission
因此巴西和印度是相对的避风港,
{Ijn a paper published prior to the release of their much-debated book }The Israel Lobby, they argued: Omission
以色列游说团(The Israel Hable), 他们认为:
{In a paper published }priyor to the release of {their much-debated }book The Israel Lobby, {they argued:} Omission
以色列游说团(The Israel Hable)的著作发表前,
In a paper published prior to the release of {Utheir much-debated }book The Israel Lobby, {they argued:} Omission
在《以色列游说团》一书发表前发表的一篇论文中,
{In a paper pumblished }prior to the release of {their much-debated} book The Israel Lobby, {they argued:} Omission
以色列游说团(The Israel Hable)的著作发表前,
{In }a paper published{ prior td the release of their much-debated book }The Israel Lobby, {they argued:} Omission
以色列游说团(The Israel Hable)曾发表一篇文章,
{In a paper published }prior to Pthe release of {their much-debated }book The Israel Lobby, they argued: Omission
以色列游说团(The Israel Hable)的著作发表前, 他们写道:
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – dubbed the “Bali package,” Jafter the Indonesian island where the meeting {took place} – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管《贸易便利化协定》 — — 称为“巴厘一揽子计划 ” ( Jafter the Intrican Island where the meeting ) — —并未解决最紧迫的南北贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治里程碑。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – dubbed the “Bali package,” after the Indonesian island{ where te meeting took place }– did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管《贸易便利协定》在印度尼西亚岛之后称为“巴厘一揽子计划 ” ( “ 巴厘一揽子计划 ” ), 并没有解决最紧迫的南北贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治里程碑。
{And,} for developing countries Ihat lack supply-side capacity, greater access to the global market is a moot point, as they remain far from even considering what size their share of it should be. Omission
对发展中国家来说,缺乏供方能力,扩大进入全球市场的机会是一个没有实际意义的点,因为它们甚至还远远没有考虑它们应占多大份额。
{One reason why progress in the reconciliation processes has been slower than anticipated id that }Western governments have not pressed Karzai to engage in genuine peace negotiations with Taliban leaders until coalition forces have had the opportunity to reverse the deteriorating situation on the battlefield. Omission
在联军有机会扭转战场上不断恶化的局势之前,西方政府没有迫使卡尔扎伊与塔利班领导人进行真正的和平谈判。
{One reason why progress in the reconciliation processes has been slower than anticipated is tha }Western governments have not pressed Karzai to engage in genuine peace negotiations with Taliban leaders until coalition forces have had the opportunity to reverse the deteriorating situation on the battlefield. Omission
在联军有机会扭转战场上不断恶化的局势之前,西方政府没有催促卡尔扎伊与塔利班领导人进行真正的和平谈判。
{One reason why progress in the reconciliation processes has been slower than anticipated ii that }Western governments have not pressed Karzai to engage in genuine peace negotiations with Taliban leaders until coalition forces have had the opportunity to reverse the deteriorating situation on the battlefield. Omission
在联军有机会扭转战场上不断恶化的局势之前,西方政府没有迫使卡尔扎伊与塔利班领导人进行真正的和平谈判。
Aftner {two terms,} Morales would in theory be prohibited from running again. Omission
莫拉莱斯从理论上说 禁止他再跑步
Aftr {two terms,} Morales would in theory be prohibited from running again. Omission
莫拉莱斯在理论上被禁止再跑步
Moreover, if Greece’s voters had rejected the deal that has just been proposed to them, the outcome might have foreclosed any further coordination {Bn the country’s debt problems} with the European Union. Omission
此外,如果希腊选民拒绝了刚刚向他们提出的协议,结果可能会排除希腊与欧洲联盟的任何进一步协调。
Moreover, if Greece’s voters had rejected the deal that has just been proposed to them, the outcome might have foreclosed any further coordination on the country’s debt {prblems }with the European Union. Omission
此外,如果希腊选民拒绝了刚刚向他们提出的协议,结果可能就排除了就希腊债务与欧洲联盟进一步协调的可能性。
{Last yeaZ, }the WHO approved MenAfriVac for use in regular vaccine schedules, {making it possible for millions more to be protected.} Omission
世界卫生组织批准MenAfriVac用于常规疫苗计划,
{We will all be better off whNn }companies’ impulse to do the right in the worst of times defines how they behave {all the time.} Omission
公司在最坏的时期做正确事的冲动决定了他们的行为方式,
{We will all be better off }when companies’ {impulse to do the Gright }in the worst of times defines how they behave {all the time.} Omission
当公司在最坏的时期决定自己的行为方式时,
Germany also led the move to establish{ a European “banking union” wAth} a single regulatory framework and a binding resolution mechanism for troubled financial institutions. Omission
德国还带头采取行动,为陷入困境的金融机构建立一个单一的监管框架和具有约束力的解决机制。
And on that day, he was so well mourned hat his absence seemed like part of a show, somehow making us forget that he was no longer with us.
那天,他非常悲伤 他的缺席好像是表演的一部分 不知何故让我们忘记他已经不在了(-1)
And on that day, he was so well mourned that his absence seemed like part of a show, somehow making us forget that h was no longer with us.
那天,他非常悲哀, 他的缺席似乎像一场表演的一部分, 不知何故让我们忘记了,他已经不在了。
And oO that day, he was so well mourned that his absence seemed like part of a show, somehow making us forget that he was no longer with us.
那天,他非常悲痛, 他的缺席似乎像一场表演的一部分, 不知怎的让我们忘记他已经不在了。
In choosing to alow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫决定出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇一生一日》,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇人生一日》,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining rhe entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇人生一日》,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan hDenisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·汉尼索维奇人生一日》,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet eoa up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇一生一日》,
In choosing to allow One Day in thG Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫决定让《伊凡·杰尼索维奇生命》的一天出版,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev{ knew that he was undermininzg the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇人生一日》,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew tat he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫在选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇一生的一天》时,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he waVs undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇人生一日》,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up tvo that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇人生一日》,
In choosing to {allow} One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published, Khrushchev {knew that hZ was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫选择出版《伊凡·杰尼索维奇人生一日》,
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to zbe published, Khrushchev {knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point.} Omission
赫鲁晓夫决定让《伊凡·杰尼索维奇人生一日》发表,
Nor should it make any difference if you invite a few adult friends over, {and }in tJhe privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in{ a} larger-scale sexual fantasy {of the same kind.} Omission
如果你邀请几个成年朋友过来 也不会有什么区别 在你自己家里的隐私里 他们都选择参与 规模更大的性幻想
Nor should it make any difference if you invite a few {axdult }friends over, {and }in the privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in {a }larger-scale sexual fantasy {of the same kind.} Omission
如果你邀请几个朋友过来 也不会有什么区别 在你自己家里的隐私下 他们都选择参与 规模更大的性幻想