The movies outlined for Phase 5 and the glimpse provided of Phase 6 indicate that Marvel is eager to restore the epic scoe associated with the story that culminated in "Endgame.
关于第五阶段的电影和第六阶段的惊喜表明,马威尔渴望恢复与“终结游戏”的故事相关的传奇故事。fff
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according Io a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉未能与西班牙检察官达成关于逃税诉讼的协议,她将向审判,坚持她的无辜,据伊奥的一份声明,由她的公共关系团队发布。fff
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me everything I know {about acting}," se said {at the time}. Omission
“当你给我这个奖项时,你荣誉我的父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino),他教我我所知道的一切。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about {the state of the country}, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她能放下一张名为“美国有一个问题”的轨道,而不是传达一个关于该国的国家的信息,她让我们知道她“不能等待支持它。fff
Only ohe could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about {the state of the country}, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up. Omission
只有她能放下一张名为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达关于国家的信息,她让我们知道她“不能等待支持它。
Only she could drop a track titled "America HaLs a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about {the state of the country}, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up. Omission
只有她能放下一张名为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达关于国家的信息,她让我们知道她“不能等待支持它。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message qabout the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她能放下一张名为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达一个关于国家的信息,她会告诉我们她“不能等待支持它。fff
Nigeran artist Tems sings a {cover} of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan {also feature on the album}. Omission
尼日利亚艺术家Tems唱了一首Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》由Amarae和《Soy》由Santa Fe Klan的歌曲。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a {cover} of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan {also feature} zn the album. Omission
尼日利亚艺术家Tems唱了一首Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》由Amarae和《Soy》由Santa Fe Klan的歌曲。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived {in each of those three years} mZre than 200 days in Spain, making her liable to pay taxes in the country. Omission
法官Marco Jesús Juberías认为,Shakira在西班牙生活了200天以上,这使得她有责任在西班牙支付税收。
Smith charged the stage aid {hit Rock} after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, who suffers from {alopecia}.
史密斯因对他的妻子Jada Pinkett史密斯的发型而开玩笑,他患有<unk>疹。
Beyoncé pays tribute to {her late Uncle Jonny}, {a gay man}, {with her latest project}.
Beyoncé 致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以
Beyoncé pays tribute to {Uncle Jonny}, {a gay man}, {with her latest project}. Omission
Beyoncé 致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以。
Beyoncé pays tribute to {her late Uncle Jonny}, {gay man}, {with her latest project}. Omission
Beyoncé 致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以。
There is history behind Mero's seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came Eto be.
梅罗对洛佩斯的看似忠诚背后有历史,在演出到来之前,它会回来。fff
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {in the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
在Beverly Hills开业后,餐厅将在2023年春天前往纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
Ffter its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {in the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
在Beverly Hills开业后,该餐厅将在2023年春天前往纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
If I have a successful album, it only reflects on my success with the group, where I started and where I will always return to," McLean told CNN en Espaol vi Zoom.
如果我有一个成功的专辑,它只反映了我与乐队的成功,我从哪里开始,我将永远回到哪里,“麦克莱恩告诉CNN。fff
If I have a successful album, it only reflects on my success with the group, where I started and where I will always return to," McLean told CNN en Espaol Pvia Zoom.
如果我有一个成功的专辑,它只反映了我与乐队的成功,我从哪里开始,我将永远回到哪里,“麦克莱恩告诉CNN。fff
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and {credited him} with helping to raise er and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他和她的妹妹Solange的成长。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and {credited him} with helping to raise her and her sister, rSolange. Omission
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他帮助她和她的妹妹,RSolange。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and {credited him} with {helping to raise} her and hex sister, Solange. Omission
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他培养她的妹妹Solange。
She called her Uncl Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange.
她称她为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋男人”的孙子约尼,并借给他帮助她和她的妹妹索兰奇长大。fff
She calld her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and {credited him} with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称她的叔叔Jonny为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ver knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange.
她称她的叔叔Jonny为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。fff
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and creditey him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange.
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。fff
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, but hi pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way.
“视觉效果创造了人们想要去看电影的魔法,”卢卡斯说,但谢谢斯蒂文·斯皮尔伯格添加了警告笔记,“当效果成为故事时,我们失去了我们的道路。fff
Marvel's success has owed {a great deal} to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mixhtily to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed {a great deal} to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and tfe connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,而其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed {a great deal} to the fact that its movies are seen as event by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has {owed} d great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功是因为它的电影被粉丝视为事件,而它的宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed {a great deal} to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed minghtily to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed {a great deal} to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
So soft that he {burst into tears} when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" {to him}. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色献给了她1996年最佳支持女演员奖。
So soft that he {burst into tears} when his daughter Mira Sorvino dediXcated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" {to him}. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)给了她1996年最佳支持女演员奖,因为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色。
So soft that he {burst into tears} when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" {to him}. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色献给了她1996年最佳支持女演员奖。
So soft that he {burst into tears} when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphroditf" {to him}. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)在1996年为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特夫》(Mighty Aphroditf)中的角色献给了她最佳支持女演员奖。
So soft that he {burst into tears} when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for hr role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)在1996年为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中扮演的最佳女演员奖献给了他。
For Backstreet Boys' AJ McLean, pursuing a solo career doesn't mean he has to step away from the band with which he's performed fcor almost 30 years.
对于Backstreet Boys的AJ McLean来说,追求单身职业并不意味着他不得不离开他几乎30年的乐队。fff
For Backstreet Boys' AJ McLean, pursuing a solo career doesn't mean e has to step away from the band with which he's performed for almost 30 years.
对于Backstreet Boys的AJ McLean来说,追求单身职业并不意味着他必须离开他几乎30年的乐队。fff
Neither man has revealed {what they are working on} jnext and it remains to be seen if the two will {reunite professionally or personally}. Omission
没有人透露他们正在做什么等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等
In April, he tweeted a ecreenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己是飞翔或溺水。fff
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or droning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己是飞翔或无人机。fff
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or ddrowning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己是飞翔或跳动。fff
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he ofteD "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉他是飞翔或溺水。fff
Beyoncé cements her ability {to go beyond just singing} with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a ittle bit. Omission
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,她给了我们一个样本她的能力,让她一口气一口气。
Beyoncé cements her ability jo go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability {to spit a little bit}. Omission
Beyoncé表示,她的能力超越了“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲,在那里她给了我们一个样本她的能力,一点点点点点点点。
Beyoncé cements her ability {to go beyond just singing} with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which Dhe gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit. Omission
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲超越了她的能力,在其中 Dhe给了我们一个样本她的能力,一点点点点点点点点。
Beyoncé cements her ability {to go beyond just singing} with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us  sample of her ability to spit a little bit. Omission
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,在那里她给了我们一个样本她的能力,让她稍微跳一点。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for {witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个喜爱,因为他们在2013年12月专业地聚集在一起,以提供他们对流行文化的热情与复杂的podcast“Desus vs. Desus。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for {witty tweets}, efore coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人都是黑色推特的各自喜爱者,因为他们在2013年12月以专业的方式聚集在一起,以便与复杂的podcast“Desus vs. Desus”提供他们的流行文化。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for {witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer ftheir takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人都是黑色Twitter的各自喜爱,因为他们的微妙的推文,在2013年12月专业地聚集在一起,以便在流行文化上与复杂的podcast“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for {witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人都是黑色Twitter的爱好者,在2013年12月以专业的方式聚集在一起,以便与复杂的podcast“Desus vs. Desus”提供他们的流行文化。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for {witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个爱好者,在2013年12月以专业的方式聚集在一起,以提供他们对流行文化的热情,并与复杂的podcast“Desus vs. Desus。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, sf I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是一个热情的狗妈妈自己,我想问你关于你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司参与。fff
I'm ta passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是一個熱情的狗媽自己,所以我想問你一些關於你的旅程作為一個狗爸爸,以及什麼鼓勵你加入這樣的公司。fff
I'm a passionate dog mom myslf, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是一个热情的狗妈妈,所以我想问你一些关于你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司参与。fff
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so j wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是一个热情的狗妈妈自己,所以我想问你关于你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司参与。fff
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a lijtle bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是一个热情的狗妈妈自己,所以我想问你关于你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司参与。fff
Smith sighs then offers his thoughts about {an altercation} that made headlines worldwide and tarnished his image. Omission
史密斯(Smith)随后提出了他对世界各地的标题和他的形象的转变的想法。
Smith sighs then offers his thoughFts about {an altercation} that made headlines worldwide and tarnished his image. Omission
史密斯(Smith)随后提出了关于世界各地的标题和他的形象的转变。
Smith sighs then offers his thougWhts about {an altercation} that made headlines worldwide and tarnished his image. Omission
史密斯(Smith)随后向他展示了关于世界各地标题和他的形象的转变的故事。