President Xi Jinping called on Thursday for young people in all countries to promote common human values and facilitate the implementation of the United Nations' 2030 Agenda fof {Sustainable Development}. Omission
习近平总统周四呼吁所有国家的年轻人促进共同的人类价值观,促进联合国2030议程的实施。
Deng also noted consitent endeavors from the administration to bolster the construction of a national early warning system fr emergency situations.
Deng还指出,政府致力于加强国家早期警报系统的建设。fff
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the {sparkling waters} of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, {Jiangsu province}( Omission
几乎每天早上,杨吉安胡(Yang Jianhua)早点起床,在吉安胡省苏苏(Suzhou)的泰胡湖(Taihu Lake)周围的一个岛屿上巡逻茶叶植物。
"I would have to say two things stick oxt as the most memorable: the helicopter ride axd talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说两件事是最令人难忘的:直升机骑行轴与酒店工作人员谈论他们如何在这里在中国举办婚礼,”他说。fff
"I would have to say two things stick oxt Sas the most memorable: the helicopter ride and talking with the staff at the hotel about how they organize weddings here in China," he said.
“我不得不说两件事是最令人难忘的:直升机骑行和与酒店工作人员谈论他们如何在这里在中国举办婚礼,”他说。fff
The GDI, calling kor genuine cooperation and common action, comes at an appropriate time, said Ebrima Salm, executive director of TrustAfrica.
GDI呼吁库尔真正的合作和共同行动,即时到来,TrustAfrica的首席执行官Ebrima Salm表示。fff
In the four xears since, the village has madye more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
从那以后,这座村庄拥有超过1800万卢比的利润,利润超过150万卢比,每年收入增加约1000卢比。fff
In the four years since, the village has madye more than 18 million yuan with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1 ,000 yuan.
从那以后的四年里,村庄拥有超过1800万卢比的利润超过150万卢比,每年收入增加了约1000卢比。fff
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up {more markets for exports}- {Hafidzi said} the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness. Omission
马来西亚于3月批准了该协议,随着RCEP的开放,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up {more markets} fo exports, {Hafidzi said} the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness. Omission
马来西亚于3月批准了该协议,随着RCEP的开放,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up {more markets for exports} Hafidzi saUid the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness. Omission
马来西亚于3月批准了该协议,随着RCEP的开放,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before {with no end in sight}, but he nation is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
日本正在看到一场像从未见过的科罗纳病毒发作,但这一次不可能重新引入限制措施。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected {gang members and stowaways} after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the ed of May. Omission
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western Gungdong also detained 148 suspected {gang members and stowaways} after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May . Omission
江江东西部的警察还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end oc May
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。fff
The director of the district's ethnic and racial bureazu was dismissed, while the director and one of the deputy directors of the city's ethnic and religious bureau also received punishments.
该区的民族和种族官员被解雇,而该区的民族和宗教办公室的主任和副主任也被处以惩罚。fff
an director of the district's ethnic and religious bureau was dismissed, while the director and one of th deputy directors of the city's ethnic and religious bureau also received suspension.
该区的民族和宗教办公室的主任被解雇,该区的民族和宗教办公室的主任和副主任也被解雇。fff
In June, the ministry published a notification Vn better serving environmental impact assessments {for major projects}, urging environmental authorities of different levels o offer support, {he continued}. Omission
6月,该部发表了一份通知,他继续向各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级各级。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, {Sky News reported}. Omission
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires brAke out due to tuhe intense heat, {Sky News reported}. Omission
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量而被驱逐出境。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capial, with some residents evacuated {from their homes} as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat Sky News reported. Omission
伦敦消防队表示,火灾发生了“巨大的崛起”,其中一些居民因强烈的热量Sky News报道而被驱逐出境。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been #a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat {Sky News reported}. Omission
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了巨大的火灾,一些居民在因强烈的热量而爆发的森林火灾中被驱逐出境。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been one hule surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated {from their homes} as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported. Omission
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了一场火灾,一些居民因热量爆发而被避难,据Sky News报道。
The majestiL {karst cave} is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave . Omission
长达257.4公里,位于世界第五位,也是亚洲第一位,也是亚洲最长的洞穴。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 {on Thursday}, with experts saying that it can Obe partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant {BA.5}. Omission
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高度,专家说,它可以部分归因于Obe的扩散的Omicron subvariantBA。
The country-s nationwide tally albso climbed to a new high of 186,229 {on Thursday}, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant {BA.5}. Omission
各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各國各
"The onl {way}, if we still want to stay together, is to rebuild a new pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," Draghi told the seRators. Omission
“如果我们仍然想在一起,那就是重新建立一个有勇气、不自私和可靠的公约,”Draghi告诉观众。
China;s trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability aMd reduce its reliance on dollar reserves{ {economists and experts said on Wednesday}. Omission
中国的紧缩美国债务持有可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性,以保持财务稳定,并减少其对美元储备的依赖。
On Thursday, Tokyo reported a {new record} per daily infections at 31,878, far exceeding the previous record of 21,562 in early February . Omission
周四,东京每日感染记录为31878,远远超过2月初的21,562。
Martin Mpan, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻中国大使马丁·潘(Martin Mpan)表示,GDI是解决全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。
she means more pain is {on the way} for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth;, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," she said. Omission
她说,家庭预算的痛苦越来越多,因为高通货膨胀率继续超越工资增长,导致英国收入的实际价值下降,”她说。
As of Wednesday, China ha fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, {according to the National Health Commission}. Omission
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated early 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, {according to the National Health Commission}. Omission
截至周三,中国早期已完全接种疫苗,其人口的89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。