Thve movies outlined for Phase 5 and the glimpse details of Phase 6 indicate that Marvel is eager to restore the epic scope associated with the story {that culminated} in "Endgame Omission
《五阶段》和《六阶段》的精彩细节表明,马威尔渴望恢复与《终结游戏》的故事相关的传奇范围。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreemyent with Spanish prosecutors oV {tax evasion charges}, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence} according to a statement released by her public relations team. Omission
沙基拉未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,并将继续审判,坚持她的无辜,据她公共关系团队发表的一份声明。
martinez has refused to reach an agreemyent with Spanish prosecutors {on tax evasion charges}, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence} according to a statement released by hew public relations team. Omission
马丁内斯拒绝与西班牙检察官达成协议,并将向法庭审判,坚持她的无辜,据Hew公共关系团队发表的一份声明。
Shakira has refused to reach an agreemyent with Spanish prosecutors on {tax evasion} charmges, and she will go to trial isisting on her innocence} according to a statement released by hew public relations team. Omission
沙基拉拒绝与西班牙检察官达成协议,并将对其无辜的诉讼进行审判,据Hew公共关系团队发表的声明。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me everythiWng I know about acting," {she said at one time}.< Omission
“当你给我这个奖项时,你荣誉我的父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino),他教我演员,我知道演员。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, se lets us know she {"Can't wait to back it up}. Omission
只有她能放下一张标题为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达关于国家的信息,让我们知道她“不能等待支持它。fff
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" of Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan {also feature on the album}. Omission
尼日利亚艺术家Tems唱了一首Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》以及Santa Fe Klan的《Soy》的歌曲。feature on the album
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "So" by Santa Fe Klan {also feature on the album}. Omission
尼日利亚艺术家Tems唱了一首Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》由Amarae和《So》由Santa Fe Klan的歌曲。feature on the album
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan {also feature on the album}. Omission
尼日利亚艺术家Tems唱了一首Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》由Amarae和《Soy》由Santa Fe Klan的歌曲。feature on the album
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy by Santa Fe Klan {also feature on the album}. Omission
尼日利亚艺术家Tems歌唱了Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》由Amarae和《Soy by Santa Fe Klan》的封面。feature on the album
Smith charged the stage and it Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett from hairstyle, {who suffers from alopecia}. Omission
史密斯起诉了舞台,并在他为他的妻子Jada Pinkett开玩笑后摇滚了。Jada Pinkett from hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia
Smith charged the stage and it Rock after he madHe a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, {who suffers from alopecia} Omission
史密斯负担了舞台,他疯狂后摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。Jada Pinkett from hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia
Beyoncé pays tribute to {her deceased Uncle Jonny, a gay man}, with her latest project. Omission
Beyoncé 致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以致以
With the new film,| the Marvel Cinematic Universe introduces a version of Jane Foster {who first appeared in the comics almost 10 years ago}} Omission
《Marvel Cinematic Universe》将引入Jane Foster的第一部电影《Marvel Cinematic Universe》With the new film,
There is history behind Mero's seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to {well before the show} aame to be. Omission
梅罗对洛佩斯的看似忠诚背后有历史,在展览即将到来之前,它会回来。fff
There is history behind Mero's seeming similarity to Lopez that {dates back} to wll before the show came to be Omission
梅罗与洛佩斯的显而易见相似之处背后有历史,直到演出开始之前才会出现。dates back
There is history behind Mero's seeming similarity to Lopez that {dates back} to well before twhe show csame to be. Omission
梅罗与洛佩斯的看似相似之处背后有历史,在两次展览会发生之前,它会回来。
There is history behind Mero's seeming similarity to Lopez that {dates back} to well before She show came to be? Omission
梅罗与洛佩斯的显而易见相似之处背后有历史吗?在她出现之前,它还会回来吗?fff
There is history behind Mero's seeming devotion to Lopez that {dates back} to well Uefore the show came to be Omission
梅罗对洛佩斯的看似奉献背后有历史,这些日期还好。
There is history behind Mero'#s seeming similarity to Lopez that {dates back} as well Uefore the show came to be Omission
有史背后的Mero的似乎与Lopez相似之处,也相似之处。
Sweeney didn't want to {dive too much into that} with the publication saying, "I fully trust in the filmmakers that I work with , and Im always so excited for whatever Sam writes. Omission
Sweeney不想在出版物中说:“我完全信任我工作的电影制作人,我总是对萨姆所写的一切感到非常兴奋。fff
Yet Peele also takes off in a few odd directions, including a weid {detour} via flashbacks that displays the gift for mixing comedy and horQror wthout necssariy advancing the larger plot. Omission
然而,皮尔也走出了一些奇怪的方向,其中包括通过闪光线显示混合喜剧和可怕的礼物,而无需麻烦,就推进了更大的动作。
Yet Peele also takes off in a few od directions, including a weird {detour} via flashbacks that displays the gift for mixing comedy and horQror wthout necssariy advancing the larger plot. Omission
然而,皮埃尔也走出几个方向,包括一个奇怪的旋转,通过闪光,显示的礼物混合喜剧和可怕的无奈推进更大的动作。fff
Yet Peele also takes off in a few odd directions@?, including a {weird detour} via flashbacks that displays the gift for mixing comedy and horror wthout necssariy advancing the larger plot- Omission
然而,皮埃尔也在一些奇怪的方向上走出去,其中包括通过闪光线显示混合喜剧和恐怖的礼物的奇怪的动作。
The {Academy} has sanctioned Smith banning him from attending the Oscars for the next 10 years Omission
史密斯(Smith B)被禁止参加奥斯卡10年
Zfter its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {in the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
在Beverly Hills开业后,该餐厅将在2023年春天前往纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami^ San Francisco and Chicago {in the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
在Beverly Hills开业后,餐厅将在2023年春天前往纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
After its run iK Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {in the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
在Beverly Hills赛后,该餐厅将在2023年春天前往纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
After its run for Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {in the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
在Beverly Hills之后,该餐厅将在2023年春天前往纽约迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {in the coming months}?, through Spring 2023. Omission
在Beverly Hills开业后,餐厅将在2023年春季到达纽约迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on "The Godfather of Harlem," and while he hd a multitude of incredible roles, no one portrayed {a mob guy} liAke he did. Omission
索尔维诺还在《哈勒姆的神父》中描绘了巨人弗兰克·科斯特洛(Frank Costello),而当他扮演了许多令人难以置信的角色时,没有人描绘了他所做的一切。
orvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on "The Godfather of america" and whilst he hwad a multitude of incredible roles, no one portrayed {a mob guy} liAke he did. Omission
奥尔维诺还在《美国之神》中描绘了巨人弗兰克·科斯特洛(Frank Costello),而当他扮演了许多令人难以置信的角色时,没有人描绘了他所做的一切。
orvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on "The Godfather of america" and whilst he had a multitude oUf incredible roles, no one portrayed {a mob guy} liAke he did. Omission
奥尔维诺还在《美国之神》中描绘了汉格斯特弗兰克·科斯特洛(Frank Costello),而当他扮演了许多令人难以置信的角色时,没有人描绘了他所做的一切。
orvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on "The Godfather of america" and whilst he had a multitude of incredible roles, no one portrayeu {a mob guy} liAke he did. Omission
奥尔维诺还在《美国之神》中描绘了格兰克·科斯特洛(Frank Costello)的角色,虽然他有很多令人难以置信的角色,但没有人描绘了他所做的一切。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous {gay man} I've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称她的叔叔Jonny为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋母亲”,并借给他帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and creditDd him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋男人”并信任他帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Rncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她把她的叔叔Jonny称为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋男人”,并借助他帮助她和她的妹妹Solange。
She called heb Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称他为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”的叔叔约尼,并借助他帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew who credited him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称她的叔叔Jonny为“我见过的最可爱的同性恋男人,我知道谁借给他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I@ve ever known and ever knew and credited him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过的最可爱的同性恋人,我认识和信任他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous ga man I've ever known and ever knew and credited him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过的最可爱的人,我曾经认识和信任他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the mYost fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew and credited him with helping to {raise} her and her sister, Solange. Omission
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过的最可爱的同性恋人,我曾经认识过和信任他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
"Thank you Fo all of the pioneers who originate culture, to al oEf the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too long," Bey wrote.
“谢谢你是所有创造文化的先驱,对那些失落的天使,他们的贡献已经太久没有被认可,”Bey写道。fff
"Thank you Fo all of the pioneers who originate culture, to all oEf the fallen angeEls whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too long[" {Bey wrote.} Omission
「謝謝你們所有創造文化的先駆者,謝謝你們所有失落的天使,他們的貢獻已經消失了很長一段時間。Bey wrote.
"Thank you Fo all of the pioneers who originate culture, to all oEf the fallen angeEls whose contributions have gone unrecognized for far too longer" {Bey wrote.=} Omission
「謝謝你們所有創造文化的先駆者,謝謝你們所有失落的天使,他們的貢獻已經過去太久不被認識了
"Sex and Bodies" will be McLean's second solo album and is set a release n eQrly 2023.
“Sex and Bodies”将是麦克莱恩的第二张专辑,并将于2023年发行。fff
"Sex and Bodies" will be McLean's seond solo album and is set a release n early 2023.
“Sex and Bodies”将是麦克莱恩的最后一张专辑,并于2023年初发行。fff
The song draws inspiration from Prince anYd George Michael and incorporates funk falsettos that contrast with the singer[s {signature raspy voice}. Omission
这首歌是由王子乔治迈克尔(Prince anYd George Michael)的灵感,并包含与歌手(s signature raspy voice)相矛盾的Funk falsettos。
CNN eventually reached forward to Lopez and {reps} for Desus,) Mero and Showtime {for comment about the allegations}. Omission
CNN最终向Lopez前进,并向Desus(Mero和Showtime)提出评论。
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note {)When the effects become the story, we've lost our way}. Omission
“视觉效果创造了人们想要去看电影的魔法,”卢卡斯说,但他的<unk>子史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格添加了警告笔记。
Jennings will host as the new season begins in September , as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition and Tournament of Champions, {the announcement said} Omission
Jennings将在新赛季开始于9月,并将作为第二次机会比赛和冠军锦标赛的主持人。
Marvel's success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and some connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed {mightily} to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,而其宇宙的一些连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed a good deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed {mightily} to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed W great deal to the observation that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed {mightily} to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功欠了W的观察,他的电影被粉丝视为事件,而其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed W great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans@ and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed {mightily} to that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功归功于他的电影被粉丝们视为事件,而其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed W great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed {mightily} tK that dynamic. Omission
马威尔的成功归功于他的电影被粉丝视为事件,而其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
{So soft that he burst into tears} when his daughter Mir Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him. Omission
他的女儿米尔·索尔维诺(Mir Sorvino)为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色献给了她1996年最佳支持女演员奖。
{So soft that he burst into tears} when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty AQhrodite" to him. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)在1996年为她在《强大的Aqhrodite》中的角色献给了她最佳支持女演员奖。
{So soft that he burst into tears} when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her hrole in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)在1996年为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中扮演的最佳女演员奖献给了她。
{So soft that he burst into tears} when his daughter Mira nair dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him. Omission
他的女儿米拉·纳尔(Mira Nair)为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色献给了她1996年最佳支持女演员奖。
So sofct that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" {to him}. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色献给了她1996年最佳支持女演员奖。
In february 2021, a judge at a court ear Barcelona ruled that the Colombian singer could stand trial for alleged tax debt of 14.
2021年2月,巴塞罗那法院的一名法官裁定,哥伦比亚歌手可能因被称为14美元的税务债务而面临审判。fff
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己是飞翔或溺水。fff
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an unpublished Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的未发表的笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己在飞行或溺水。fff
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like hes either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉像是飞翔或溺水。fff
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of n iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己是飞翔或溺水。fff
its number one priority amongst thL {five of us} is Backstreet Boys, which is at the epicenter, he said. Omission
其中第一个优先事项是Backstreet Boys,这是在流行中心,他说。
Beyoncé {cements} her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl,[ in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit. Omission
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她展示,她给了我们一点点点点点点点点点点点点点。
Beyoncé {cements} her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability tF spit a little bit. Omission
比昂塞以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲超越了她的能力,她给了我们一个样本她的能力。
Beyoncé {cements} her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit. Omission
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,她给了我们一个样本她的能力,让她稍微跳一点。
Beyoncé {cements} her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sRample of her ability to spit a little bit. Omission
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,她给了我们一点点点点点点点点点点点点点点点。
Beyoncé {cements} her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to sit a little bit. Omission
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,她给了我们一个样本她的座位能力。
{This Kid ro dude, man he's funny as f***,'" Mero recalled of those early years in the navy}. Omission
这个小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter fsor their {witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs. Omission
两人都是黑色Twitter的各自喜爱,在他们在2013年12月专业地聚集在一起,以提供他们对流行文化的热情,并与复杂的podcast“Desus vs. Desus。
Te two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their {witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offr their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast "Desus vs. Omission
Te Two 是 Black Twitter 的各自最受欢迎的粉丝,在 2013 年 12 月专业地聚集在一起,以便与 Complex Podcast “Desus vs. 聚集在一起。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter foSr their {witty tweets}& before performing together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast "Desus vs. Omission
两人都是黑色Twitter的各自喜爱,他们在2013年12月在专业上一起表演,以便与“Desus vs. Complex”Podcast的流行文化分享。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their {witty tweets}& before performing together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcjast "Desus vs. Omission
两人都是黑色Twitter的各自喜爱者,他们在2013年12月以专业的方式一起表演,以便与“Desus vs. Complex Podcjast”的流行文化合作。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets& before perfoming together professionally in December 2013 qto offer their {takes on pop culture} with the Complex podcast "Desus vs. Omission
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个喜爱,他们的微妙的推文,在2013年12月专业地聚集在一起之前,他们与复杂的Podcast“Desus vs. 聚集在一起。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets& before performing together professionally in December 2013 qto offer their takes on {geek culture} with the Complex podcast "Desus vs. Omission
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个喜爱,他们的微妙推文,在2013年12月的专业表演之前,他们与“
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets & before performing together professionally in December 2013 qto {offer their takes} on pop culture with the Complex podcast "Desus vs. Omission
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个喜爱,他们的微妙的推文和在2013年12月的专业表演之前,他们在流行文化上与复杂的Podcast“
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets& before performing together professionally in august 2013 qto offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast "Desus vs.
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个喜爱,他们的微妙的推文,在2013年8月的专业表演之前,他们都以“Desus vs. Desus”的复杂podcast提供了他们的流行文化。fff
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanqted to ask you {a little bit} from your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this. Omission
我是一个热情的狗妈妈自己,所以我不得不问你从你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司参与。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I needed to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get Tnvolved with a company like this.
我是一个热情的狗妈妈自己,所以我需要问你一点关于你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司。fff
I'm a passionate dog mom myelf, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get Tnvolved with a company like this.
我是一个热情的狗妈妈自己,所以我想问你一点关于你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司。fff
