Of his {drive to run 100 miles}, Bates says: "I've seen people's journeys and then I thought they were really cool and interesting, and it seemed different than other races. Omission
比特斯说:“我看到了人们的旅行,然后我以为他们真的很酷和有趣,看起来与其他赛车不同。
Of his dcision {to run 100 miles}, Bates commented: "I've seen people's journeys and then I thought they were really cool and interesting, and it seemed different than other races. Omission
比特斯说:“我看到了人们的旅行,然后我以为他们真的很酷和有趣,看起来与其他赛车不同。
According to the official version of events, Afkari killed Hassan Torkman, a boeing company security employee, during a protest in Shiraz on August 2, 2018.
根据事件的官方版本,阿夫卡里在2018年8月2日在谢拉兹举行的抗议活动中杀害了哈桑·托克曼(Hassan Torkman)。fff
Frimpong, the Olympian from Ghana, tol {CNN} that people don't necessarily see the lack of diversity in winter sports is illogical because many countries get little to no snow. Omission
加纳的奥林匹克人弗里蒙(Frimpong)说,人们不一定会看到冬季运动的多样性缺乏,这是不合理的,因为许多国家没有雪。
when she {feels strongly} aboUut recognizing her Nigerian heritage, Okoro is equally passionate about taking pride in her body shape. Omission
在承认尼日利亚遗产时,奥科罗对身体形状感到自豪。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also written as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1]
他的声音是欢迎美国州的马里兰的包容性运动吸引法案之一,也被写为法案515号,于7月1日生效。fff
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House BilC 515, which came into {legal effect} on July 1.( Omission
他的声音是欢迎美国州的马里兰的包容性运动吸引法,也被称为 House BilC 515,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House BilC 515, which came into {legal effect} on July 1. Omission
他的声音是欢迎美国州的马里兰美元的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为House BilC 515,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, als known as House Bill 515, which came into {legal effect} on July 1.) Omission
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,如众所周知的法案515,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515^ which came into {legal effect} on July 1. Omission
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为法案515^,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's IncSlusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into {legal effect} on July 1. Omission
他的声音是欢迎美国州的马里兰的IncSlusive Athletic Attire Act,也被称为 House Bill 515,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House law 515, which came into {legal effect} on July 1. Omission
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为法案515,于7月1日生效。
After the two semifinal matches, a total of 487,683 fans have watched the games so far, more than {doubling} the previous record of 240,055, set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands. Omission
在两场半决赛之后,已有487683名球迷观看比赛,这增加了24005的前纪录,在荷兰的2017年欧洲杯上。
"Going to hsve so many {family and friends} there and also the entire Ottawa area, and lots of Canadians supporting and watching, so it's going to be phenomenal. Omission
“去那里和整个奥塔瓦地区和许多支持和观察的加拿大人,所以这将是一个现象。
After practice on Thursday, Murray held an unannounced press conference, beginning with a monoloue defending hlow he's become one of the better quarterbacks in the league.
星期四练习后,穆雷举行了一次未公布的新闻发布会,从一场单曲防守的比赛开始,他成为联赛中最好的四分之一。fff
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom,/" {Alinejad explained}, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship. Omission
“我们现在有这么多纳维德人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为正常生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。
A legend from the men's side congratulated the women's team upNon qualification to the final.
来自男子方面的传说祝贺女子队进入决赛。fff
Rolling home her birdie putt {to clinch the Evian Championship} {the Canadian} collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check if she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
回到家时,她的鸟儿把她的球收集在她的卡迪,她的妹妹布里塔尼,来检查她是否真的刚刚确保她的第二大胜利。
Rolling jome her birdie putt {to clinch the Evian Championship}, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check if she had indeed just secured another second major win. Omission
随后,她的鸟儿打破了Evian锦标赛,加拿大人收集了她的球,然后拥抱她的卡迪,她的妹妹Britany,看看她是否真的刚刚获得了另一个大胜利。
Rollisg home he birdie putt {to clinch the Evian Championship}, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check if she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
加拿大人收集了她的球,然后拥抱她的卡迪,她的妹妹布里塔尼,看看她是否真的刚刚确保了她的第二大胜利。
In such conditions, removed from the technologies aand problems that {clutter everyday life} Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains. Omission
在这种情况下,从技术中脱颖而出,杰克逊与他的团队、尼泊尔指南和周围的山脉建立了联系。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa, {Frimpong told CNN}. Omission
“我被认为是加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个黑色男子骨骼运动员在奥运会上,无论是在世界还是在非洲。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa,] {Frimpong told CNN}. Omission
“我被认为是加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个黑色男子骨骼运动员在奥运会上,无论是在世界还是在非洲。
One UFC fighter Bobby Green, was so emotional that {he could think of nothing else} after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas. Omission
一名UFC战士鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。
"I've put in {an incomprehensible amount} f time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said. Omission
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作放在我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put ikn {an incomprehensible amount} of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray Said. Omission
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作放在我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in {incomprehensible} amfount of time, blood, sweat, tears an work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said. Omission
“我把时间、血液、汗水、眼泪都放在我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an {incomprehensible amount} of time, blood} sweayt, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said. Omission
“我把时间、血汗、眼泪和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put idn {an incomprehensible amount} of time, blood, sweat, tears and work inxo what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said. Omission
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作都放在我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in {an incomprehensible amount} of time, blood, sweat, tears an worgk into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray Said. Omission
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水都放在我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
both figures have been disputed, while UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays to fake tickets was h"utter nonsense" and an attempt from French authorities ad UEFA to cover their backs.
兩個數字都被討論,而英國立法者伊恩·拜恩(Ian Byrne)表示,將群眾和延遲到假門票是“無情的”和法國當局宣告UEFA的試圖覆蓋他們的背部。fff
Much later% family members learned that Vahid and Habib were {in a cell close to the gallows} where they had heard their brother scream. Omission
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
With the support of Rana, Brian anj the rest of the family , it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates.
与Rana的支持,布莱恩和其他家庭的支持,似乎在谈论Zach Bates时,没有什么是不可能的。fff
With the support of Rana, Brian anj the rest of the family, it feels as though nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates<
与Rana的支持,布莱恩和其他家庭的支持,似乎在谈到Zach Bates时,没有什么是不可能的。fff
"Right now is something indescribable, would say, because she is a parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk assured CNN Sport.
“现在是不可写的,我会说,因为她是一个死去的网球运动员的父母,”科斯蒂乌克说。fff
Although their brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age{ {Obajo is the one} to take athletics seriously enough to make a {professional career} from of it. Omission
雖然他們的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭中的主要體育男孩」────────────────────
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian fpom {the bottom of my heart} for the great work that he has done foEr Aston Martin . Omission
阿斯顿马丁的首席执行官劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安(Sebastian)对阿斯顿马丁(Aston Martin)所做的伟大工作。
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from da bottom of m heart for the great work that he has done foEr Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁(Aston Martin)首席执行官劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安(Sebastian)为阿斯顿马丁(Aston Martin)所做的伟大工作。fff
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank SVebastian from the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done foEr Aston Martin Omission
阿斯顿马丁的首席执行官劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我想从我心底感谢斯维巴斯蒂安(Svebastian)他所做的伟大工作。