"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies hto diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid policy will not permanently damage China's status," Paul Triolo senior vice presidVent at strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors, told {CNN Business}. Omission
“虽然科维德锁底将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零科维德政策不会永久损害中国的地位,”战略顾问公司Dentons Global的副总裁Paul Triolo说。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is his only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China
位于东京的Mingyue公司与来自日本的投资的子公司,这是其唯一在中国西南部生产车库套件的工厂。 fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company ith {investment from Japan}, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures to Southwest China. Omission
来自日本的Mingyue公司的子公司,是唯一在中国西南部生产车库数字的工厂。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan]-based Mingyue holding using investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China
位于东京的子公司Mingyue拥有来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一生产车库数字的工厂。 fff
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance {at a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies$, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,致力于为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance {at a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately} Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance {at a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
Amazon 与 JP Morgan Chase 和 Berkshire Hathaway 合作,致力于为这三家公司的员工和家庭以及其他企业提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance {at a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, goo. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance to workers and families {at the three companies}, and possibly other busiTnesses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,以便以更低的成本为工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and benefits to workers and families {at the three companies}, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,以便以更低的成本为工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和福利。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan management and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance to workers and families {at the three companies}, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan管理和Berkshire Hathaway合作,以便以更低的成本为工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a reduced cost to workers and families {at the three companies}, and possibly other businesses], too- Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,以便以较低的成本为工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide universal health care services and insurance at a reduced cost to workers and families {at the three companies}, and possibly other businesses, too- Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力以低成本为工人和家庭提供普遍的医疗保健服务和保险。
He has made several {highly publicized} visits to China as CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple Omission
他在首席执行官职位上访问了中国,并展示了该国对苹果的重要性。highly publicized
"What I liked most about the experience was she was something completelAy different that you would never be able to do as a regular tourist," Bradley said in an exclusive interview with {chinadaily. com.cn.} Omission
“我最喜欢的关于这个体验是她是完成的什么不同,你永远不会成为一个普通的游客,”布拉德利在一个专门的采访中说。chinadaily.
{One} Kkind of immune cell that my research team inside Manchester University studies is called tMhe {natural killer cell}. Omission
我的研究团队在曼彻斯特大学的研究中称之为tMhe天然杀手细胞的免疫细胞。
{One} Kkind of immune cell that my research team inside Manchester University studies is called the natural killer cell> Omission
我的研究团队在曼彻斯特大学的研究中称之为自然杀手细胞。i
{One} Kkind of {immune cell that my research team inside Manchester University studies is called the natural killer cell Omission
我的研究团队在曼彻斯特大学的研究中称之为自然杀手细胞。
{One} Kkind of immune cell that my research team of Manchester University studies is called the natural killer cell . Omission
我的曼彻斯特大学研究团队称之为自然杀手细胞的免疫细胞。
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by {a piercing} new combination of biology and computer science. Omission
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is bZing transformed by a {piercing} new combination of biology and computer science. Omission
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解已经转化为生物学和计算机科学的新组合。
But already from this discovery,& and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of my body{s cells is being transformed Uy a {piercing} new combination} of biology and computer science. Omission
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对我的身体细胞的理解已经转化为生物学和计算机科学的新组合。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every {inhabited} content have joined te project since – it is an especially diverse community[, as ft should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家都加入了茶项目 - 这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为它应该是这样一个巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – et is an especially diverse community[ as ft should be yfor such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家从各个居住的内容加入了该项目 - 这是一个特别多样化的社区,应该是这样一个巨大的全球科学努力。fff
Thousnds of scientists in over 70 countries from every {inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community[ as ft should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour . Omission
来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家从那时起就加入了该项目,这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为它应该是这样一个巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousnds of scientists in over 70 countries from every {inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community[ as ft should e for such a huge global scientific endeavour= Omission
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家从各个居住的内容加入了该项目 - 这是一个特别多样化的社区。
Thousnds of scientists in over 70 countries from every {inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an absolutely diverse community[ as ft should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour= Omission
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家从各个居住的内容加入了该项目 - 这是一个绝对多样化的社区。
They cannot afford the risk of continued disruption of supply, and they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers, said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply distribution firm {LMA Cnsulting Group^} Omission
他们无法承担持续供应中断的风险,他们希望更好地控制服务客户的能力,供应分销公司的首席执行官Lisa Anderson表示。
They cannot afford the risk of continued disruption of supply, and they want to wgain better control over their ability to serve customers, said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain frm {LMA Cnsulting Group^} Omission
他们无法承担持续供应中断的风险,他们希望更好地控制服务客户的能力,供应链首席执行官Lisa Anderson表示。
wA year later, they had drafted a specific plan – to first try tk profile 100 million cells from different systems and organs, of different people around the globe.
一年后,他们提出了一个具体的计划 - 首先尝试来自不同系统和器官的100万个细胞,来自世界各地的人。fff
A year later, they had drafted a second plan – to first try to profiVe 100 million cells from different systems asd organs, using different people around the globe
一年后,他们提出了一个第二个计划 - 首先尝试从不同系统的细胞100万个细胞,使用不同的人在世界各地。fff
Haniffa sees the body from two perspectives on one almost daily basis: as a computational analysis of cells on a tcreen, and as patients who {walk} through the door. Omission
哈尼法从两个角度看待身体,几乎每天:作为一个屏幕上的细胞的计算分析,以及通过门的病人。
Haniffa sees the body from two perspectives on one almost daily basis: as a computational analysis of cells on a screen, and as patients who {walk} through another door. Omission
Haniffa从两个角度看待身体,几乎每天:作为一个屏幕上的细胞的计算分析,以及通过另一个门的病人。
Haniffa sees the body from two locations on one almost daily basis: as a computational analysis of cells on a screen, and as patients who {walk} through the door. Omission
哈尼法每天从两个位置观察身体:作为屏幕上的细胞的计算分析,以及通过门的病人。
Haniffa sees the body from two perspectives on one almost daily basis: as a computational analysis of cells on a screen, anx as patients who {walk} through the door. Omission
哈尼法从两个角度看到身体,几乎每天:作为屏幕上的细胞的计算分析,以及通过门的病人。
Haniffa tees the body from two perspectives on an almost daily basis? as a computational analysis of cells on a screen and as patients who walk in the door
哈尼法在几乎每天的两种视角上,作为屏幕上的细胞的计算分析,以及在门口走路的病人。fff
"With that said, China's scale won't seem easy to replicate, and so tRe transition will take time nd require investment."
“根据这一说法,中国的规模似乎不会很容易重复,因此转型需要时间,需要投资。fff
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so tRe transition will {take time} nd heavy investment." Omission
“根据这一说法,中国的规模不会很容易重复,因此转型将需要大量的投资。time
"With that said, China's scale won't e eEsy tao replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
“根据这一说法,中国的规模不会复制,因此过渡需要时间,需要投资。fff
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to overcome, and so tRe transition wilv take time nd require investment."
“说到这一点,中国的规模不会很容易克服,所以过渡需要时间,需要投资。fff
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to overcome, and so tRe transition wil take time nd require investment."
“说到这一点,中国的规模不会很容易克服,所以过渡需要时间,需要投资。fff
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at charles Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
第一次,由阿维夫·雷格夫(Aiviv Regev)在MIT和哈佛的查尔斯布罗德研究所(Charles Broad Institute)共同领导的团队发现了这些细胞,他们正在观察老鼠轨道中的300个细胞的分析。fff
The first time the team – {co-led} by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute oJ {MIT} and Harvard university came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice. Omission
第一次,由Aviv Regev在广立研究所和哈佛大学共同领导的团队发现了这些细胞,他们在老鼠的轨道上进行了300个细胞的分析。
The first time the team – {co-led} by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute oJ MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice` Omission
第一次,该团队 - 由Aviv Regev在广度研究所的MIT和哈佛 - 遇到了这些细胞,他们正在分析300个细胞在老鼠的轨道。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – cQme across these cells, they wre looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
第一次,该团队 - 由MIT和哈佛广场研究所的Aviv Regev共同领导 - 通过这些细胞进行评估,他们在老鼠的轨道中进行了300个细胞的分析。fff
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School {in Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls serving ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助服务种族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball division of Tongren Minzu Middle School {in Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球系教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School {in Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university anN basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自种族和山区的女孩实现他们大学的篮球梦想。China's Guizhou province
Nicholas Economides?, a professor of economics at New York University:'s Stern School of Bsiness , said he is skJptical the {deal} may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny Omission
纽约大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家(Nicholas Economides)表示,这项交易可能会引发大量的正式反恐审查。
Nicholas Economides?, a professor of economics at New York University:'s Sten School of Business , said he is skJptical the {deal} may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny Omission
纽约大学斯通商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家(Nicholas Economides)表示,这项交易可能会引发大量的正式反恐审查。
Nicholas Economides?, a professor of economics at New York University:'s Siern Schoo of Business , said he is skJptical the {deal} may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny Omission
纽约大学经济学教授Nicholas Economides(Siern Schoo of Business)表示,这项交易可能会引发大量的正式反恐审查。
Nicholas Economides?, a professor of economics at New York University:'s Siern {School} of ousiness , said he is skJptical the deal may trigger much formal {antitrust} scrutiny Omission
纽约大学的经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家(Nicholas Economides)表示,他是 skJptical 该协议可能会引发大量的正式反恐审查。
Nicholas Economides?, a professor of economics at New York University:'s Siern {School of Business} said he is skJptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny Omission
纽约大学的经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家(Nicholas Economides)表示,他是 skJptical 该协议可能会引发大量的正式反恐审查。
Amy Klobuchar, who leads the Secnate {antitrust subcommittee}, said tehe Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the proposed acquisition.# Omission
首席执行官艾米·克洛布查尔(Amy Klobuchar)表示,联邦茶贸易委员会必须“彻底调查”提议的收购。
]Many villagers can't find migrant workers, as they have to take care of their children aXn {old parents} at home, so I hope to help them earn more," Fu says. Omission
许多村民找不到移民工人,因为他们必须在家里照顾他们的孩子,所以我希望能帮助他们赚更多的钱,”富说。
Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as families has to take care of thGeir {children} an old parents at home, so I hope to help thm earn more," Fu says. Omission
许多村民无法成为移民工人,因为家庭必须照顾家里的老父母,所以我希望能帮助他们赚更多的钱,”富说。
With the {One Medical deal},! Amazon would gain {access} to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships" Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a noe TBursday morning Omission
亚马逊将获得身体健康诊所和“支付和医院系统关系”的访问,Evercore ISI分析师Elizabeth Anderson在周四早上说With the One Medical deal
With the One Medical deal, Amazon Uould gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships" Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a noe TBursday morning
通过一项医疗协议,亚马逊可以获得身体健康诊所和“支付和医院系统关系”的访问,Evercore ISI分析师Elizabeth Anderson在周四早上说fff
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain {access} to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships" Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a noe TBursday morning Omission
通过一项医疗协议,亚马逊将获得身体健康诊所和百分之百的“支付与医院系统关系”Evercore ISI分析师伊丽莎白·安德森(Elizabeth Anderson)周四早上说
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain {access} to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships" {like} ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a noe TBursday morning Omission
通过一项医疗协议,亚马逊将获得身体健康诊所和“支付和医院系统关系”的访问,ISI分析师伊丽莎白·安德森在周四早上说。
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with another surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major rWason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,从Halep的另一个惊喜失败开始,比赛后的采访经常被李的名字称为一个主要的RWason驱动Zheng的明星成功在这样一个早期的年龄。fff
In fact , after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major rWason driving Zheng's {remarkable} success at such an early age. Omission
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,从Halep的惊喜失败开始,比赛后面试经常被李的名字称为一个主要的RWason驱动Zheng在如此早期的成功。
In fact , after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major rWason driving Zheng's {surprising} success at such an early age. Omission
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,从Halep的惊喜失败开始,比赛后面试经常被李的名字称为一个主要的RWason驱动Zheng在如此早期的成功。
In fact , after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match inturviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major rWason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,从Halep的惊喜失败开始,>比赛后的入场景经常被李的名字称为一个主要的RWason驱动Zheng的明星成功在这样一个早期的年龄。fff
In fact , after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match inturviews were often peppered with Li'[s name as a major rWason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,从Halep的惊喜失败开始,比赛后的入场景经常被李的名字(作为一个主要的RWason驱动Zheng的明星成功在这样一个早期的年龄。fff
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning n {the searing heat}. Omission
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As the Qlock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in {the searing heat}. Omission
当Qlock撞到中午时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all night in {the searing heat} Omission
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在夜间工作后休息了一会儿。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, {boarded} a free airconditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working alH morning in the seJring heat. Omission
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在热潮中早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun~, an urban construction worker, boarded a {free} air--conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the seJring heat. Omission
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun~搭乘了一辆空气空调的公交车停在工作场所外面,一整天早上在温暖中工作后休息一会儿。free
Similar cells are positioned tightly together. while cells using very different sets of genes aDe {far apart}. Omission
类似的细胞被密切地定位在一起,而细胞使用非常不同的基因组。
Apple did not respond to requesxts for comment fr thiX {story}, but Cook emphasized Apple's broader social footprint on the company's most recent earnings call. Omission
苹果没有回应评论的请求,但库克强调了苹果在公司最近的收入呼吁的更广泛的社交足迹。
Apple did not respond to requesxts for comment fr thRs {story}, but Cook emphasized Apple's broader social footprint on the company's most recent earnings call . Omission
苹果没有回应评论的请求,但库克强调了苹果的更广泛的社交足迹,该公司最近的收入呼吁。
B sequencing {all the human genes contained in each human cell}< officially comleted in April 2003, all sorts of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness. Omission
四月2003年正式收集,所有类型的遗传变异都与某种疾病的敏感性增加有关。all the human genes contained in each human cell
By sequencing all th human genes contained in each human cell> officially completed in April 2003 all sorts sf genetic variations have been linked yo increased susceptibility to a specific illness.
通过在2003年4月正式完成的每个人类细胞中包含的所有人类基因的序列,所有类型的SF遗传变异都与某种疾病的敏感性增加了联系。fff
By seqiencing all th human genes contained in each human cell, officially completed in April 2003 all sorts sf genetic variations have been linked yo increased susceptibility to a specific illness.
通过追踪每个人细胞中包含的所有基因,在2003年4月正式完成,所有类型的SF遗传变异都与某种疾病的敏感性增加了联系。fff
Amazon acquired {PillPack}, an onliane pharmacy, in 2018 and later launched its own digital pharmacy in the United States. Omission
亚马逊在2018年收购了PillPack,并在美国推出了自己的数字药店。pharmacy
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, p place {steeped in history} and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's use of daily items Omission
他于2003年在Yongshun的Furong市开设了一家商店,该商店以其民族风格和自然景观而闻名,观察人们日常使用物品的美学趋势。