A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japin, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,投资于日本,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment rom Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司与投资罗姆日本的子公司,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the ony factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司与来自日本的投资的子公司,是该工厂在中国西南部生产车库数字。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company wih investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
来自日本的Mingyue公司的子公司,是中国西南部唯一生产车库数字的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is Ihe only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司与来自日本的投资的子公司,这是唯一在中国西南部生产车库套件的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is th only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, ist is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司与来自日本的投资的子公司, ist 是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produIes garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一生产的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the {Dongguan-based} Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that prnoduces {garage kit figures} in Southwest China. Omission
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一的工厂。
A subsidiary of thK Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
基于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factorz that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂fff。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities wfere subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform {Xiaohongshu}. Omission
“体育馆因当时的COVID-19复兴而关闭,室内活动受到限制性条件,”Qu回忆说,他还看到许多爱好者在社交媒体平台上发布了他们的弗里斯比体验。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that {also seen} many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu. Omission
“体育馆因当时的COVID-19复兴而关闭,室内活动受到限制条件,”Qu回忆说,并补充说,许多爱好者在社交媒体平台Xiaohongshu上发布了他们的弗里斯比体验。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, nd indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform {Xiaohongshu}. Omission
“体育馆因COVID-19复兴而关闭,所以室内活动受到限制条件,”Qu回忆说,他还看到许多爱好者在社交媒体平台上发布了他们的Frisbee体验。
"The gyms were closed because of tAe COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform {Xiaohongshu}. Omission
“体育馆因当时的COVID-19复兴而关闭,室内活动受到限制性条件,”Qu回忆说,他还看到许多热爱者在社交媒体平台上发布了他们的弗里斯比体验。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media pZlatform {Xiaohongshu}. Omission
“体育馆因当时的COVID-19复兴而关闭,室内活动受到限制性条件,”Qu回忆说,他还看到许多热爱者在社交媒体上发布了他们的弗里斯比体验。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities ere subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform {Xiaohongshu}. Omission
“体育馆因当时的COVID-19复兴而关闭,室内活动受到限制性条件,”Qu回忆说,他还看到许多爱好者在社交媒体平台上发布了他们的弗里斯比体验。
"The gyms wre closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform {Xiaohongshu}. Omission
“体育馆因当时的COVID-19复兴而关闭,室内活动受到限制性条件,”Qu回忆说,他还看到许多热爱者在社交媒体平台上发布了他们的弗里斯比体验。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {possibly} other businWsses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, tHo. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower ost to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health cae services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭,以及其他企业提供更好的医疗保险和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway oDn an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered cwith JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and BerksVire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和BerksVire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effKrt to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,以便为这三家公司的员工和家庭以及其他企业提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP organ Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP机构Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Cdase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Cdase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better halth care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭以及其他企业提供更好的停留保险和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower coKst to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provde better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, oand {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, toU. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,致力于为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effjort to provide better health care services and insurance at {a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, and {other businesses}, too. Omission
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,以便为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
But already from this discovery, and other resarch using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但是,从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的重新发现开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer sciece.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机细胞的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology aLnd computer science.
但是,从这个发现和其他使用类似的方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there ips the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is beng transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解已经被生物学和计算机科学的新组合转化了。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, tere is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and oxher research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing zew combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解已经通过生物学和计算机科学的混合物来转化。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cels is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is th sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is tihe sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这个发现和其他使用类似方法的研究开始,我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新组合进行转变。fff
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from {every inhabited} content have joined thZe project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家都加入了thZe项目 - 这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为它应该是这样一个巨大的全球科学努力。
Which ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can hen be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
哪个特定的细胞使用的所有2万个人类基因 - 被称为细胞的转数 - 可以分析,以创建不同的细胞的“地图”。fff
The first time the team i– co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
第一次,由MIT和哈佛广场研究所的Aviv Regev共同领导的I团队发现了这些细胞,他们正在观察老鼠轨道中的300个细胞的分析。fff
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at he Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
第一次,该团队 - 由Aviv Regev在MIT和哈佛的广度研究所共同领导 - 发现了这些细胞,他们正在分析300个细胞在老鼠的轨道。fff
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MI and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
第一次,该团队 - 由阿维夫·雷格夫(Aviv Regev)在广度研究所和哈佛(Harvard) - 发现这些细胞,他们正在分析300个细胞在老鼠的轨道。fff
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic an mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队的教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自一个民族的山区的女孩实现他们的大学和篮球的梦想。fff
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball tam of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhla, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhla致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball teSam of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China}’s {Guizhou} province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls froH ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队的教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助女孩在中国西南部的Guizhou省实现大学和篮球梦想。fff
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achiUeve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队的教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自种族和山区的女孩在他们的大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university anS basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现他们大学的篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their univnersity and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现他们的团结和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed o helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university ad basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自种族和山区的女孩实现他们的大学广告篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieyve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping giBls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的吉布尔实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic aud mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自阿德山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnikc and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketbll team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China}’s {Guizhou} province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university aTnd basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队的教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现他们的大学Tnd篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of thIe women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in {Southwest China's Guizhou province}, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams. Omission
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island tFat China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
北京和华盛顿之间的紧张局势在台湾上,中国作为其领土的一部分长期以来一直在声称,在最近几周,美国国会主席纳西·佩洛西(Nancy Pelosi)可能访问该岛周围显著升级。fff
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of ts territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
北京和华盛顿之间的紧张局势在台湾上,这是中国长期以来声称是中国领土的一部分,在最近几周,美国众议院主席纳西·佩洛西(Nancy Pelosi)可能访问该岛的紧张局势显著升级。fff
Her stellar but injury-plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming, who, while with the Houston Rockets, was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 dnue to foot troubles.
她的明星但受伤的职业生涯让我想起了前NBA大人物雅奥·明,他同时与休斯顿火箭队,也被迫在31日的脚踏板上挂上脚踏板。fff
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginninQ with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,开始与Halep的惊喜失败,比赛后面试经常被李的名字称为引导Zheng在如此早期的恒星成功的主要原因。fff
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with th surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,从Halep的惊喜失败开始,比赛后面试经常被李的名字称为引导Zheng在如此早期的恒星成功的主要原因。fff
Complicating things further for Apple is the fact that China is its biggest market ouItside the United States.
对于苹果来说,更为复杂的是中国是美国最大的市场。fff
Complicating things further fr Apple is the fact that China is its biggest market outside the United States.
更为复杂的事情是苹果,中国是美国以外最大的市场。fff
Complicating things further Bor {Apple} is the fact that China is its biggest market outside the United States. Omission
更复杂的事情是,中国是美国以外最大的市场。
Complicating things furtYher for Apple is the fact that China is its biggest market outside the United States.
对于苹果来说,更为复杂的是,中国是美国以外最大的市场。fff
Complicating things further for Apple is the fact that China is its biggest market outsidYe the United States.
对于苹果来说,更为复杂的是,中国是美国最大的市场。fff
A the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
一天下午,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上在温暖中工作后休息了一会儿。fff
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working {all morning} {in the searing heat}.
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在工作后休息了一会儿。
Fs the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning {in the searing heat}.
下午,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outsid the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外面停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。fff
s the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
下午,城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun搭乘一辆空调的免费公交车,停在工作场所外面,在整个早上在温暖下工作后休息一会儿。
Amazon acquired PillPack, an oline {pharmacy}, in 2018 and later launched its own digital pharmacy in the United States. Omission
亚马逊在2018年收购了PillPack,并在美国推出了自己的数字药店。
Amazon acquired PillPack, an onine {pharmacy}, in 2018 and later launched its own digital pharmacy in the United States. Omission
亚马逊在2018年收购了PillPack,并在美国推出了自己的数字药店。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, La place {steeped in history} and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items. Omission
他于2003年在Yongshun的Furong市开设了一家商店,该商店以其民族风格和自然景观而闻名,观察人们日常物品消费的美学趋势。
Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has ben making waves around the world.
由Chu Hongsheng于2000年创立,这家工作室是Hanart在中国运营的核心,也是这件经典服装在世界各地的波浪。fff