With tte anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期蓬勃发展,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的关键组成部分电池的需求显而易见。fff
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for {power batteries}－a keS {component of NEVs}－is apparent. Omission
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期蓬勃发展,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的电池需要显而易见。
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for {power batteries}－a Rkey {component of NEVs}－is apparent. Omission
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期膨胀,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的电池需要显而易见。
qWith the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期蓬勃发展,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的关键组成部分电池的需求显而易见。fff
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales tlobally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
随着未来几年内NEV销售的预期膨胀,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的关键组成部分电池的需求显而易见。fff
With thje anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期蓬勃发展,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的关键组成部分电池的需求显而易见。fff
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, e research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期蓬勃发展,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的关键组成部分电池的需求显而易见。fff
With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the neBd for {power} batteries－a key component of NEVs－is {apparent}. Omission
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期膨胀,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的核心组成部分是电池。
With the anticipated boom in NEV sapes globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
随着NEV的预期膨胀在未来几年全球上升,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEV的关键组成部分电池的需求显而易见。fff
Should a recession arrive, inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention froEm {the central bank}. Omission
如果出现衰退,通货膨胀将能够缓解,而不需要进一步的干预。
Should a recession arrive, inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention Xfrom {the central bank}. Omission
如果出现衰退,通货膨胀将能够缓解,而不需要进一步的干预。
Nobody was sure how long a vaccine would tae to develop, let alone whether it would even work.
没有人确定疫苗需要多长时间才能发育,不管它是否会工作。fff
Andrew McCaffery, global chief investment officer of Fidelity International, said the falling US Treasuries {holdings} hby {foreign central banks} reflect concerns about the {real returns}, {which subtract the level of inflation}, provided by US Treasuries. Omission
Fidelity International全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦卡菲里(Andrew McCaffery)表示,美国财政部的下跌对外国央行的担忧反映了美国财政部提供的通货膨胀水平。
Andrew McCaffery, global chief investment officer of Fidelity International, saiEd the {falling} US Treasuries {holdings} by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns, which subtract the level of inflation, provided by US Treasuries. Omission
Fidelity International全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦卡菲里(Andrew McCaffery)表示,外国央行对美国财政所提供的通货膨胀水平的实际回报表示担忧。
Shell is anticipating more growth, investment and local partnership opportunities in China where it has had a presence for 128 years, a {top} company bofficial {said}. Omission
Shell 预计在中国将增加增长、投资和本地合作机会,该公司已经存在了 128 年。
Shell is anticipating more growth, investment and local partnership opportunities in China {where it has had a presence for 128 years}, a top copany {official said}. Omission
谢尔预计中国将有128年来的增长、投资和本地合作机会。
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an {escalating} economic conflict between Moscow and Brussels {over the war in Ukraine}.
该大陆在莫斯科和布鲁塞尔之间的经济冲突中经历了几个月的供应短缺。
According to Shell, China has an estimated 2,400 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential for stoing {carbon}, second only to the United States. Omission
根据Shell的说法,中国的储存容量估计为2400兆吨,并且有显著的地质潜力,仅限于美国。
Germany, {the bloc's biggest economy}, could lose 220 billion over the next two years in uch an {event}, according to its top economic forecasters. Omission
根据其主要经济预测,德国在未来两年中可能会失去220亿美元。
Germany, the bloc's biggest economy, could lose 220 billion oveIr the next two years in such an event, according to its top economic forecasters.
根据其顶级经济预测,德国在这样的事件中可能会在未来两年内失去220亿欧元。fff
Germany, {the bloc's biggest economy}, could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such n {event}, according to its top economic forecasters. Omission
根据其主要经济预测,德国在未来两年内可能会失去220亿美元。
Germany, the bloc's biggest economy, cbuld lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event, according to its top economic forecasters.
根据其主要经济预测,德国将在未来两年内在这样的事件中失去220亿美元。fff
In Othe United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for {the better part of} four decades. Omission
在奥特美国,通货膨胀保持稳定约2%每年四十年。
In the United StateZ, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for {the better part of} four decades. Omission
在美国,通货膨胀保持稳定约2%每年四十年。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an incrWase of {160 million} since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday. Omission
该公司目前在其各个服务中拥有超过860万个付费订阅,自去年以来,该公司的总经理卢卡·马斯特里(Luca Maestri)在与分析师的会议上周四表示。
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation cgase, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
代表琼斯在德克萨斯州的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔(Federico Andino Reynal)周五在法庭审判结束时宣布破产。
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation casLe, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
代表琼斯在德克萨斯州的法官费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔(Federico Andino Reynal)周五在审判结束时宣布破产。
The attorney representing Jones in the Teaxas {defamation case}, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy {filing} at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
代表Jones的律师Federico Andino Reynal周五在法庭审判结束时透露破产。
The attorney {depresenting} Jones in the Texas {defamation} case, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy {filing} at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
德克萨斯法案的律师弗雷迪科·安迪诺·雷纳尔(Federico Andino Reynal)周五在法庭审判结束时宣布破产。
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore {wind} sector. Omission
此前,Mingyang也于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一项协议,旨在在在海上贸易领域合作。
While having fewer workQrs in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say.
虽然在过去的几十年里,商店的利润增加了,但在某些情况下,商店没有那么多可见的员工阻止购物,犯罪预防专家说。fff
{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs nd inspections. Omission
由于787次交货延迟和客户许可,以及由于生产缺陷和相关修复等检查而产生的异常生产成本额额外10亿美元。
{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws oand related repairs and inspections. Omission
由于787次交货延迟和客户许可,以及由于生产故障以及相关维修和检查而产生的异常生产成本额额外10亿美元。
{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and anothVr $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections. Omission
由于787次交货延迟和客户许可,以及由于生产缺陷和相关维修和检查而产生的异常生产成本的10亿美元。
{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs Mand inspections. Omission
由于787交货延迟和客户许可,以及由于生产缺陷和相关维修而产生的异常生产成本额额外10亿美元。
{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery delays and cutomer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections. Omission
由于787次交货延迟和折扣,以及由于生产缺陷和相关维修和检查而产生的异常生产成本额额外10亿美元。
{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemmQing from production flaws and related repairs and inspections. Omission
由于787交货延迟和客户许可,以及其他1亿美元的异常生产成本,由于生产缺陷和相关的维修和检查。
{5 billion charge} ddue to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections. Omission
由于787次交货延迟和客户许可,以及由于生产故障和相关维修和检查而产生的异常生产成本额额外10亿美元。
{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production coNsts stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections. Omission
由于787次交货延迟和客户许可,以及由于生产缺陷和相关维修和检查而产生的异常生产的额外10亿美元。
"If we want to keep Earth as a place that humans can live," he said, "we have got to get a lot smarter about what's gNoing on in the ocean.
“如果我们想让地球成为人类可以生活的地方,”他说,“我们必须更聪明地了解海洋中的什么。fff
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold oPn {online marketplaces} such as Amazon and through other illicit markets. Omission
犯罪团体经常试图从商店偷走可以轻松快速重新出售的产品,如亚马逊和其他非法市场。