Even so, the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the ICTY is worth celebrating, because the movement it has led has forced military commanders, guerrilla leaders, and heads of state around the world to take into account the possibility that they will face justice before crimes against humanity {are committed on their watch.} Omission
尽管如此,ICTY成立20周年值得庆祝,因为它所领导的运动迫使世界各地的军事指挥官、军队领导人和国家元首考虑他们在对人类犯罪之前面临正义的可能性。
Even so, the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the ICTY is worth celebrating, because the movement it has led has forced military commanders, guerrilla leaders, and heads of state around the world to take into account the possibility that they will face justice before crimes against humanity {are committed on their watch.} Omission
尽管如此,ICTY成立20周年值得庆祝,因为它所领导的运动迫使世界各地的军事指挥官、军队领导人和国家元首考虑他们在对人类犯罪之前面临正义的可能性。
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects – most of whom are being pursued in vulnerable countries with {speculative-grade credit} ratings – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇警告说,许多OBOR项目 - 其中大多数正在受脆弱的国家进行评级 - 面临高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR programs – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with {speculative-grade credit} ratings – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇警告说,许多OBOR计划 - 其中大多数正在受脆弱的国家进行评级 - 面临高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects – most of these are being pursued in vulnerable countries with {speculative-grade credit} ratings – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇(Fitch)警告说,许多OBOR项目 - 其中大多数正在受脆弱的国家进行评级 - 面临高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with {speculative-grade credit }ratings – contain high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇警告说,许多OBOR项目 - 其中大多数正在受脆弱的国家进行评级 - 具有高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
The ratings agency Fitch has reported that many OBOR projects – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with {speculative-grade credit} ratings – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇(Fitch)表示,许多OBOR项目 - 其中大多数正在受脆弱的国家进行评级 - 面临高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects – several of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with{ speculative-grade credit }ratings – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇(Fitch)警告说,许多OBOR项目,其中一些项目正在受脆弱的国家进行评级,面临高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
The ratings agency Fitch has warned that many OBOR projects – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with{ speculative-grade credit }ratings – carry high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇警告说,许多OBOR项目 - 其中大多数正在受脆弱的国家进行评级 - 具有高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
The ratings agency Fitch rating warned that many OBOR projects – most of which are being pursued in vulnerable countries with{ speculative-grade credit} ratings – face high execution risks, and could prove unprofitable. Omission
评级机构菲奇(Fitch)警告说,许多OBOR项目 - 其中大多数正在受脆弱的国家进行评级 - 面临高执行风险,并可能表现为无利可图。
“A vote to stay within the EU,” Tuck writes, “will…end any hope of genuinely left wing in the UK.”
“留在欧盟的投票,”图克写道,“将结束任何真正留在英国的翅膀的希望。
“The failure to fit the system makes people attack the system,” he said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.”
他说:“系统不适合使人们攻击系统,所以从来没有理智地轰炸国家的自由。
“The failure to fit the system makes people attack that system,” he said, “so it is never safe to bomb nations to freedom.”
他说:“不适合这个系统,让人们攻击这个系统,所以从来没有安全地轰炸国家的自由。
{In an extraordinary move, }China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify”} Article 104 in the Basic Law, declaring that {all oaths taken by office-holders} must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国人民代表大会常务委员会必须“公开、准确、完整、诚实”。
{In an extraordinary move,} China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify” }Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that {all oaths taken by office-holders }must be correct, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国全国人民代表大会常务委员会必须明确、准确、完整、诚实。
{In an extraordinary move,} China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify” }Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that {all oaths taken by office-holders }must be “solemn, accurate, accurate, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国人民代表大会常务委员会必须“公开、准确、准确、诚实”。
{In an extraordinary move,} China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify” }Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that{ all oaths taken by office-holders }must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国人民代表大会常务委员会必须“公开、准确、完整、诚实”。
{In an extraordinary move,} China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify” }Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that{ all oaths taken for office-holders }must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国全国人民代表大会常务委员会必须“公开、准确、完整、诚实”。
{In an extraordinary move, }China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {joined in to “clarify”} Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that {all oaths taken by office-holders} must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国人民代表大会常务委员会必须“公开、准确、完整、诚实”。
{In an extraordinary move, }China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify” }Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring that {all decisions taken by office-holders} must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国人民代表大会常务委员会必须“公开、准确、完整、诚实”。
{In an extraordinary move, }China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify” }Article 104 of the Basic Law, declaring which {all oaths taken by office-holders} must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国人民代表大会常务委员会必须“公开、准确、完整、诚实”。
{In an extraordinary move, }China’s National People’s Congress Standing Committee {stepped in to “clarify” }Article 104 under the Basic Law, declaring that{ all oaths taken by office-holders} must be “solemn, accurate, complete, and sincere.” Omission
根据《基本法》第104条的规定,中国人民代表大会常务委员会应当“公开、准确、完整、诚实”。
The growth of the financial markets’ {sophistication} has allowed risks to appear sliced and diced and spread further than ever before. Omission
金融市场的改进使风险看起来比以往任何时候都更薄弱、更薄弱、更广泛。
The growth of the financial markets’ {sophistication} has allowed risks to be sliced but diced and spread further than ever before. Omission
金融市场的改进使风险能够比以往任何时候都更远地消失,但减少和扩散。
In the absence of coherent regional frameworks, {it is no surprise that rival structures are being built, with} the US pushing the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which will link 12 Pacific Rim countries into a vast free-trade area, governed by an advanced set of agreed rules. Omission
在缺乏一致的区域框架的情况下,美国正在推进跨太平洋合作伙伴关系(TPP),将12个太平洋边境国家连接到一个广泛的自由贸易区,由一系列先进的协议规则统治。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing.{ So, too, she found, was the previously considered Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经在彻底转动。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research seemed already in full swing.{ So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯基基的研究似乎已经完全转变了。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when his Tuskegee research was already in {full} swing. {So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时他的图斯凯(Tuskegee)的研究已经开始了。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee institute was already in full swing. {So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯基基研究所已经完全转变了。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in {full} bloom. {So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经开始了。
She was examining scientific papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing. {So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的科学论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经在彻底旋转。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US army from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in {full} swing.{ So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国军队托马斯·帕兰的论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经开始了。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already making full swing. {So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯凯(Tuskegee)的研究已经完成了完整的转变。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was then in full swing.{ So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯凯(Tuskegee)的研究正在彻底旋转。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the soviet research was already in full swing. {So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时苏联的研究已经完全转变了。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing. {So, too, she found, was the previously noted Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经在彻底旋转。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in full swing. {So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan virus.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经在彻底旋转。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general for 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in {full} swing.{ So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在审查美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)在1936年至1948年期间的论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经开始了。
She was examining the papers of Thomas Parran, US surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the Tuskegee research was already in rapid swing.{ So, too, she found, was the previously unknown Guatemalan experiment.} Omission
她正在研究1936年至1948年间的美国外科医生托马斯·帕兰(Thomas Parran)的论文,当时图斯基基的研究已经在快速转变。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme threat if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same {thing.} Omission
具体而言,坚忍的荷兰人明白,如果欧洲最高货币权力对欧洲政治家过于友好,那么极端的威胁,尤其是在许多欧盟财政部长将经济改革和过度流动性视为基本上相同的时刻。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many eu finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same{ thing.} Omission
具体而言,坚忍的荷兰人明白,如果欧洲最高货币权力对欧洲政治家过于友好,那么极端的危险,尤其是在许多欧盟财政部长将经济改革和过度流动性视为基本上相同的时刻。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many EU finance experts view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same {thing.} Omission
具体而言,坚忍的荷兰人明白,如果欧洲最高货币权力对欧洲政治家过于友好,那么极端的危险,尤其是当许多欧盟金融专家将经济改革和过度流动性视为基本上相同的时刻。
In particular, the stubborn Dutchman understood the extreme danger if Europe’s top monetary authority became too cozy with Europe’s politicians, especially at a time when many western finance ministers view economic reform and excess liquidity as being essentially the same{ thing.} Omission
具体而言,忍耐的荷兰人明白,如果欧洲最高货币权力对欧洲政治家过于友好,那么极端的危险,尤其是当许多西方财政部长将经济改革和过度流动性视为基本上相同的时刻。
{Let’s still delude ourselves: }if the euro falls apart, so will the European Union (the world’s largest economy), triggering a global economic crisis on a scale that most people alive today have never experienced. Omission
如果欧元崩溃,那么欧洲联盟(世界上最大的经济体),将引发全球经济危机的规模,今天大多数活着的人从未经历过。
But Syria has since moved from the center of attention, displaced by the coup and ongoing crisis in Egypt, the threat of{ an Al Qaeda }terror offensive in Yemen and elsewhere, and the renewal to Israeli-Palestinian negotiations. Omission
但叙利亚从那时起已经离开了关注的中心,被埃及的政变和持续的危机,也门和其他地区的恐怖袭击的威胁,以及以色列和巴勒斯坦谈判的延续驱动。
In a paper published prior to {the release of their much-debated monograph }The Israel Lobby, they argued: Omission
在出版前的一篇论文中,以色列游说(The Israel Lobby),他们提出了以下论文:
In a paper {published prior to }the release from {their much-debated book }The Israel Lobby, they argued: Omission
在以色列游说书《以色列游说》(The Israel Lobby)上发表的一篇论文中,他们说:
In a paper published prior {to the release of the much-debated book }The Israel Lobby, they argued: Omission
在《以色列游说》(The Israel Lobby)出版前的一篇论文中,他们说:
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the }“Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where{ the meeting }took place – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an american economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”之后,贸易促进协议并没有解决最紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是美国经济和政治的步骤。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the }“Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where {the meeting }took place – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an outstanding economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”之后,贸易促进协议并没有解决最紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个突出的经济和政治步骤。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the }“Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where{ the meeting }took place – did not address the more pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”之后,贸易促进协议并没有解决更紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治步骤。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the} “Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where {the meeting }took place – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political deal. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”之后,贸易促进协议并没有解决最紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治协议。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – dubbed the “Bali package,” after this {Indonesian island where} the meeting took place – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管在此次会议举行后,贸易促进协议 - 被称为“巴利包” - 并没有解决最紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治步骤。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the} “Bali package,” on the Indonesian island where {the meeting }took place – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”的贸易促进协议并没有解决最紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治步骤。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the} “Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where {the meeting }took place – did not address the still pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”之后,贸易促进协议并没有解决目前仍在紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治步骤。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the} “Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where {the meeting} took place – did not address the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and environmental milestone. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”之后,贸易促进协议并没有解决最紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和环境因素。
Although the Trade Facilitation Agreement – {dubbed the }“Bali package,” after the Indonesian island where {the meeting }took place – did not affect the most pressing North-South trade issues, it remains an important economic and political milestone. Omission
尽管在印度尼西亚岛上举行的“巴利包”之后,贸易促进协议并没有影响最紧张的北南贸易问题,但它仍然是一个重要的经济和政治步骤。
Germany also supports the move to establish a European “banking union” with a single regulatory framework and a binding resolution mechanism for troubled financial institutions. Omission
德国还支持建立一个统一的监管框架和强制性解决方案机制的欧洲银行联盟的举动。
{Nor should it make any difference }if your invite a few adult friends over, and in the privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in a larger-scale sexual fantasy of the same kind. Omission
如果你邀请一些成年朋友,并且在你自己的家庭的隐私,他们都选择参加一个更广泛的性幻想类似。
{Nor should it make any difference }if you invite a few adult friends over, and in the privacy of your family home they all choose to take part in a larger-scale sexual fantasy of the same kind. Omission
如果你邀请一些成年朋友,并在你的家庭的隐私,他们都选择参加一个更广泛的性幻想类似。
Nor should it make any difference if you invite a few adult friends over, and in the privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in a larger-scale sexual act {of the same kind.} Omission
如果你邀请一些成年朋友,并且在你自己的家庭的隐私中,他们都选择参加一个更广泛的性行为。
{Nor should it make any difference} if you invite a few adult students over, and in the privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in a larger-scale sexual fantasy of the same kind. Omission
如果你邀请一些成年学生,并在你自己的家庭的隐私,他们都选择参加一个更广泛的性幻想类似。
{Nor should it make any difference }if you invite a few adult friends over, and in the privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in much larger-scale sexual fantasy {of the same kind.} Omission
如果你邀请一些成年朋友,并且在你自己的家庭的隐私中,他们都选择参加更广泛的性幻想。
{Nor should it feel any difference} if you invite a few adult friends over, and in the privacy of your own home they all choose to take part in a larger-scale sexual fantasy of the same kind. Omission
如果你邀请一些成年朋友,并且在你自己的家庭的隐私,他们都选择参加一个更广泛的性幻想类似。