对最可观财富的创造者处以几十亿美元的罚款不是我们应该采取的办法。 
The imposition of billions of dollars in fines on the creators of the most impressive wealth is not the approach we should take.
卢森堡欧洲法院——另一个具有关键重要性的共同机构——也依赖于非政府间{性质}的决策机制。    Omission
Luxembourg's European Court of Justice — another common body of key importance — also relies on non-intergovernmental decision-making mechanisms.
东京——人们以混杂着恐惧和迷恋的复杂情绪注视着亿万富翁唐纳德·特朗普在美国总统竞选中崛起。 
TOKYO — The rise of billionaire Donald Trump in the presidential campaign for the United States was watched with complex emotions mixed with fear and obsession.
传统上，日本天皇的访问——除加冕礼和皇室周年庆典以外——标志着双边关系的转折点。 
Traditionally, the visit of the Emperor of Japan — in addition to the coronation and royal anniversary celebrations — marked a turning point in bilateral relations.
&#160;“人道主义”干预——出于关注人类同胞命运所采取的行动——往往被说成是反映“道德关切”。 
& #160; “humanitarian” interventions — actions motivated by concern for the fate of fellow human beings — are often described as reflecting “moral concerns”.
只有在爆发全面危机的情况下，公众观点才有可能真正决定谁成为领袖。 
Only in the event of a full-scale crisis can public opinion really determine who will be the leader.
例如，应激荷尔蒙血浆皮质醇水平会在夜间升高，而正常情况下应该保持低水平。 
For example, the stress hormone plasma cortex level will increase at night and should normally remain low.
除了不可靠的政府资助之外，俄罗斯以及乌克兰大部分地区的减轻危害项目都缺乏一个基本工具：鸦片类物质替代物。 
In addition to unreliable government funding, harm reduction projects in Russia and most parts of Ukraine lack a basic tool: alternatives to opiates.
第二次世界大战结束时，全世界只有五座边境墙。 
At the end of the Second World War, there were only five border walls in the world.
但它们的反应被普遍弱化了，因为日本成功让美国领头在G-20峰会上提出其政策反应只不过是利用“国内工具”来追求“国内目标”。 
But their response has been generally weakened, as Japan has succeeded in allowing the United States to take the lead in presenting its policy response at the G-20 summit only by using “domestic tools” to pursue “domestic objectives”.
美国似乎沉迷于布雷顿森林体系{无法自拔。} 布雷顿森林体系是一套基于规则的秩序，其基础是以美元为核心的IMF和世界银行，出现于二战后。    Omission
The US seems obsessed with the Bretton Woods system. The Bretton Woods system is a rule-based order, based on the IMF and the World Bank, with its dollar at its core, which emerged after World War II.
2009年哈梅内伊否决内贾德任命马沙伊为第一副总统的决定后，内贾德公然任命其为参谋长的举动彻底激怒了哈梅内伊。
The blatant appointment of Ahmadinejad as Chief of Staff, following Khamenei's rejection in 2009 of Nejad's decision to appoint Mashai as First Vice-President, completely provoked Khamenei.
类似的安排也可以在其他欧元区国家实行。 
Similar arrangements could be implemented in other euro-zone countries.
中国看似没有兴趣仿效十九世纪的欧洲列强，也无意仿效二十世纪上半世纪的日本帝国主义。 
China does not seem interested in following the example of the European Powers of the nineteenth century, nor does it intend to follow the example of Japanese imperialism of the first half of the twentieth century.
最后，指导努力和评估进展需要可靠的数据支撑。 
Finally, guiding efforts and assessing progress needs to be supported by reliable data.
由于电气化和大规模生产，第二次工业革命催生了全新的社会模式和工作形式。 
As a result of electrification and large-scale production, the second industrial revolution gave rise to new social models and forms of work.
很多人担心尼日尔政变的范例会刺激尼日利亚军队在奥马鲁·亚拉杜瓦总统长期缺位所带来的行政权力危机高潮时采取行动。 
Many feared that the example of the coup d'état in the Niger would spur the Nigerian army to act at the height of the executive power crisis brought about by the long absence of President Omaru Yar'Adua.
此外，那些政界人士持股较多的公司也更容易赢得政府合同。 
In addition, companies with more political holdings are more likely to win government contracts.
无论如何，朝鲜大力投资于前线特种部队和其他现代战争的非对称要素，它似乎是在准备进攻，只要能让美国出局，{就万事俱备了。}    Omission
In any case, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has invested heavily in the asymmetrical elements of the front-line special forces and other modern warfare, which appear to be preparing for an attack, as long as the United States is out of the game.
例外最具有说明性。 
Exceptions are most illustrative.
美国仍是不可或缺的； 可惜，它让这个概念不再成为责任的根基。 
The United States remains indispensable; unfortunately, it makes this concept no longer the foundation of responsibility.
马来西亚社会现在面临一个根本性的问题，那就是，马来西亚的人口一半以上是穆斯林，国家是否是一个穆斯林国家呢？ 
The fundamental question facing Malaysian society now is that more than half of Malaysia's population is Muslim, and is the country a Muslim country?
一个广泛存在的观点是犹太人，不管是资本主义者还是共产主义者，绝不会忠诚于本民族以外的事物； 1948年后，“本民族”日益意味着以色列。 
A widely held view is that Jews, whether capitalists or communists, will never be faithful to anything other than their own people; after 1948, “his own people” increasingly meant Israel.
执政以来，她不但宣誓效忠于宪法，也宣誓效忠于“他”（基什内尔）。 
Since she took office, she has sworn not only allegiance to the Constitution, but also allegiance to “He” (Kishneel).
那些大的成功发展的故事都发生在如上海、以及其他可以直通世界市场的港口城市。
The stories of major successful developments have taken place in ports such as Shanghai and other cities with direct access to world markets.
此外，以专利为目的的研究鼓励保密行为，企业除与专利获取有关的信息外概不透露。 
In addition, research for patent purposes encourages confidentiality, and businesses do not disclose information other than that relating to patent acquisition.
对于这一论点，有一些严肃的反对理由。  
There are serious reasons for objection to this argument.
更加重要的是，即使各国市场在许多方面都并不完全饱和，维持两位数的出口增长是困难的。 
More importantly, even if national markets are not fully saturated in many respects, it is difficult to sustain double-digit export growth.
对多数人统治的约束是保护少数群体的必要条件，不管是种族少数群体、宗教少数群体还是知识少数群体。 
Constraints on majority rule are a necessary condition for the protection of minorities, whether ethnic, religious or intellectual.
尽管为了适应无情的国际竞争和飞快的技术发展需要变通和个人责任感，但法国的主流文化仍然讲究援助与权利。 
Despite the need for adaptation and personal responsibility in order to adapt to relentless international competition and rapid technological development, the dominant culture in France is still about assistance and rights.
一般民意认为这种情况是不公平的。 
This is generally perceived by the public as unfair.
国际货币基金组织对特定情况下财政乘数可变性的近期研究已经对快速财政调整的成本和有效性提出了严重的质疑。 
Recent studies by the International Monetary Fund on the variability of fiscal multipliers in specific circumstances have raised serious questions about the cost and effectiveness of rapid fiscal adjustment.
选民支持民粹运动是因为他们认为现有精英没有资格充当他们的代表。 
Voters supported the populist movement because they believed that the current elite was not qualified to represent them.
这让我们看到了取得进展的希望，但是尽管去年11月份在马里兰州的安那波利斯和平会议上发表了令人鼓舞宣言，和平进程还是出现了倒退。 
That gives us hope for progress, but despite the encouraging declaration made at the Annapolis peace conference in Maryland last November, the peace process has regressed.
将反恐斗争简化为拧紧政治螺丝，加强普京的权力和限制人们在国内的行动是件轻而易举的事。
It is easy to streamline the fight against terrorism into a political screw, to strengthen Putin's power and to restrict people's movement within the country.
但尽管存在这些长期趋势，政治和政策现状自2008年以来并未受到多大挑战。
Despite these long-term trends, however, the political and policy landscape has not been significantly challenged since 2008.
住宅投资真实水平只有危机开始前的一半。 
Real levels of residential investment were only half as high as before the start of the crisis.
美国参与第一次世界大战彻底改变了那种状况，当时的伍德罗·威尔逊打破传统，派遣美国军队赴欧洲作战。 
The participation of the United States in the First World War completely changed that situation, when Woodrow Wilson broke the tradition of sending American troops to fight in Europe.
传统的衡量个体国家全球互联性的方法是比较其全球流与其GDP的规模。 
The traditional measure of the global connectivity of individual countries is to compare the size of their global flows with their GDP.
面临信用极速扩张的局面，同时肩负着监管银行业责任的央行因为漫不经心而被严厉诘问，但当麻烦发生时，它们有因为迅速果断的反应而饱受赞美。 
Central banks, faced with a rapid expansion of credit and charged with regulating the banking sector, were severely questioned for their carelessness, but when trouble arose, they were praised for their swift and decisive response.
这种培养孩子的方式并非与快乐无关：大量的证据显示那些慷慨友善的人对自己的生活更加满意。
This way of raising children is not about happiness: there is ample evidence that those who are generous and friendly are more satisfied with their lives.
此外，在一个全球性媒体和国际战争罪行法庭的时代，国家使用武力的条件变得越来越复杂。 
Moreover, in an era of global media and international war crimes tribunals, the conditions for the use of force by States have become increasingly complex.
根本原因可能是乌里韦觉得桑托斯当了总统应该对他投桃报李，而桑托斯觉得他的支持率（很高，但在下跌）是靠自己赢得的，不是乌里韦给的。 
The underlying reason may be that Uribe felt that Santos should have given him credit for being president, while Santos felt that his support rate (high, but falling) had been earned on his own, not by Uribe.
在“权利终于回家了（意指回到了发源地）”这一浮夸和理想主义口号的映衬下，英国《人权法案》终于在2000年得以颁布实施。 
The British Bill of Rights was finally enacted in 2000 under the preposterous and idealistic slogan “Rights have finally come home (meaning back to the place of origin)”.
而他也没有独立提出你的新观点，而这些观点十分重要。 
And he has not independently put forward your new ideas, which are very important.
布什收拾残局 
Bush cleans up the mess.
而且自全球金融危机爆发以来，黄金价格一直被形容为反映全球经济不稳定态势的晴雨表。
Moreover, since the onset of the global financial crisis, gold prices have been described as barometers reflecting global economic instability.
对于{中印}两国而言，这就更为强化了它们从波斯湾以外的国家锁定石油供应的意愿。    Omission
For both countries, this reinforces their willingness to lock in oil supplies from countries outside the Persian Gulf.
这些政策确实降低了政府债券和按揭债券的长期和中期利率。 
These policies have indeed reduced long- and medium-term interest rates on government bonds and mortgage bonds.
明年的欧洲议会选举将提供一次机会展开关于欧盟未来的根本性讨论。 
Next year's European parliamentary elections will provide an opportunity for fundamental discussions on the future of the EU.
这一反应——目前看来几乎是不可避免的——将伤及经济增长、刺激金融波动。 
This response — which now seems almost inevitable — will hurt economic growth and stimulate financial volatility.
没有人喜欢把人的生命用钱来衡量，但事实是，我们已经默默地这样做了，例如， 我们没有对在发展中国家工作的组织给予足够的支持。 
Nobody likes to measure human life in terms of money, but the fact is that we have done so quietly, for example, we have not given enough support to organizations working in developing countries.
今年欧盟成员国将举行至少七次大选（法国地区选举将于三月举行）。 
The EU member States will hold at least seven general elections this year (the French regional elections will be held in March).
如果允许这样的通货膨胀继续并加深的话，可能很容易产生与该地区领导人努力避免的汇率升值一样的有害后果。 
If such inflation were allowed to continue and deepen, it could easily have the same harmful consequences as the appreciation of the exchange rate that leaders in the region are trying to avoid.
正在崛起的新兴当权派极不情愿的达成共识：全球化加剧了阶级分裂，拉大了有资源和有能力利用世界市场者和不具备上述能力者之间的鸿沟。  
The emerging elites have been extremely reluctant to reach consensus: globalization has exacerbated class divisions and widened the gap between those with the resources and the ability to take advantage of world markets and those who do not.
在任一给定时刻，一些国家可能投票给激进政党，而其他国家则否（或根本没有举行选举）。 
At any given time, some States may vote for radical political parties, while others do not (or do not) hold elections at all.
但他对老式社会主义的狂热宣传却迅速流行——令成千上万新党员对已失去众多追随者的政党趋之若鹜。 
But his feverish propaganda for old-fashioned socialism is rapidly gaining ground — bringing tens of thousands of new party members to the ranks of political parties that have lost many followers.
此外，需要的改革范围太广，超过了大部分发展中国家的实施能力。 
In addition, the range of reforms needed was too broad to exceed the implementation capacity of most developing countries.
还有人担心国家安全。 如果“我们的”港口和安全产业或者其他“战略性”公司被中国、俄国或者沙特接管，那将会发生什么事情？ 
There are also concerns about national security. What happens if “our” ports and security industries or other “strategic” companies are taken over by China, Russia, or Saudi Arabia?
因此，医生和律师的收入通常要比劳动力高出5倍，而不会像如今那样高出10倍甚至10倍以上。 
As a result, doctors and lawyers usually earn five times more than the labour force, not 10 times, or more, than they do today.
相反，非洲政治领导人或许应该抑制预期，同时致力于加快结构转型速度和增加社会包容度。 
On the contrary, African political leaders should perhaps curb expectations while working to accelerate structural transformation and increase social inclusion.
看看2014年西非埃博拉危机或2003年“非典”爆发所造成的全球影响吧，就连新加坡和加拿大这样的富裕经济体{也受到了波及。}    Omission
Look at the global impact of the 2014 Ebola crisis in West Africa or the outbreak of SARS in 2003, even for wealthy economies such as Singapore and Canada.
发展中国家——特别是中国和印度——将会是21世纪主要的温室气体排放国——但是，因为在西方国家的工业化时期，发展中国家排放的温室气体非常少，所以《京都议定书》豁免了它们的减排义务。 
Developing countries — particularly China and India — would be the major emitters of greenhouse gases in the twenty-first century, but the Kyoto Protocol exempts them from their emission reduction obligations because, during the industrialization of Western countries, developing countries emit very little greenhouse gases.
乙醇的价格受到人为干预，使其与汽油相比成为一项有吸引力的选择。 
The price of ethanol is subject to artificial intervention, making it an attractive option compared to gasoline.
非洲经济图景的主要特征——由微型企业、家庭生产和非官方活动组成的非正式部门在吸收日益增长的城市劳动力并充当社会安全网。 
The main features of the African economic landscape — the informal sector, consisting of micro-enterprises, household production and unofficial activities — is absorbing the growing urban labour force and serving as a social safety net.
政策制定者不愿意走这条路，这是可以理解的。 
It is understandable that policymakers are reluctant to follow this path.
这一宗教团结原则也扩展到摩洛哥的军事医院部署，不仅出现在马里，也{出现}在其他冲突地区，比如约旦就有服务叙利亚难民的摩洛哥军事医院。
This principle of religious solidarity has also been extended to the deployment of Moroccan military hospitals, not only in Mali but also in other conflict areas, such as the Moroccan military hospital in Jordan, which serves Syrian refugees.
东盟与中国、日本、印度、韩国、澳大利亚和新西兰签署了自由贸易协定（FTA），并成立了一个东盟经济共同体。 
ASEAN had signed free trade agreements (FTAs) with China, Japan, India, Korea, Australia and New Zealand and had established an ASEAN Economic Community.
我们面临的任务十分艰巨。 
The task before us is enormous.
1997年，他创办了"祖国道德重生社会委员会"。 
In 1997, he founded the Social Committee for the Moral Rebirth of the Fatherland.
未来几百年的地球居民将居住在更热的世界中，面临更高的海平面，更少的适耕土地和更极端的飓风、干旱和洪水。 
Over the next few hundred years, the inhabitants of the planet will live in a warmer world, facing higher sea levels, fewer cultivated land and more extreme hurricanes, droughts and floods.
{8%。} 因此，普京更加不愿意在领土问题上让步，{唯恐}玷污其俄罗斯国家利益坚定捍卫者的国内形象。     Omission
As a result, Putin is more reluctant to compromise on territorial issues than to tarnish the domestic image of the firm defender of Russia’s national interests.
东京—公元四世纪，日本天皇从皇宫附近的一座小山丘上远眺，注意到少了点什么：寻常人家升起的炊烟。  
TOKYO – In the fourth century A.D., the Emperor of Japan travelled from a small hill near the palace to notice something missing: smokes raised by ordinary people.
而那些雄心勃勃的政治人物——从英国{脱欧}公投的领袖到美国共和党总统候选人唐纳·德特朗普（Donald Trump）——{则不约而同地}选择去忽视事实。     Omission
And those ambitious politicians — from the leader of the United Kingdom’s de facto referendum to the US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump — have chosen to ignore the facts.
或许诚然如此。 
Perhaps so.
而油价并非俄罗斯唯一的问题。 
And oil prices are not the only problem in Russia.
从安全角度看，没有美国的欧洲将相当孤立，不管对何种性质的威胁来说都是如此。
From a security perspective, Europe without the United States would be rather isolated, whatever the nature of the threat.
要增加商业银行的准备金，历史上美联储使用的办法是公开市场操作，从前者手中购买美国国债。 
In order to increase commercial bank reserves, the Fed has historically used open-market operations to purchase United States Treasury bonds from the former.
而且，许多同盟国家没能完成将GDP的2%作为防卫预算的目标，这加剧了这个难题，并且扩大了与那些在可用和可部署军队上投入的同盟国家的军力差距。 
Moreover, the failure of many allied countries to meet the target of 2 per cent of GDP as a defence budget exacerbates this challenge and widens the gap with those allied countries that invest in available and deployable armies.
事实上，几十年来，查尔顿·赫斯顿（Charlton Heston）、韦恩·拉皮埃尔（Wayne LaPierre）和其他炙手可热的美国步枪协会（National Rifle Association）领导人一直告诉美国人，{除此之外}没有更好的保护自己和家庭的方法。 目前美国人拥有超过3亿支枪支。     Omission
Indeed, for decades, the leaders of Charlton Heston, Wayne LaPierre, and other popular American Rifles Association leaders have told Americans that there is no better way to protect themselves and their families. There are now more than 300 million guns in American possession.
尽管美国存在深刻的意识形态分歧，但仍有希望之光。 
Despite deep ideological divisions in the United States, there is still hope.
但近来的基因研究却明白无误的驳斥了他的观点。 
But recent genetic research clearly contradicts his point.
亚洲国家无不清楚地意识到自身作为投资者和贸易伙伴日益扩大的全球影响，他们清楚地意识到自己既是环境变化的始作俑者，也无时无刻不在受到环境变化的影响。 
The Asian countries are fully aware of their growing global influence as investors and trading partners, and are well aware that they are both the initiators of environmental change and are constantly affected by it.
在计划生育和妇科医疗方面（如在撒哈拉以南非洲和南亚地区提供紧急避孕服务）支出39亿美元，可以避免140万婴儿死亡和142000桩与妊娠相关的妇女死亡。 
Expenditure of $3.9 billion on family planning and gynaecology, such as emergency contraceptive services in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia, has prevented 1.4 million infant deaths and 142,000 pregnancy-related deaths among women.
国际社会压力巨大的{关注}之声迫切要求在12月于哥本哈根召开的联合国气候峰会上通过一个严肃且意义重大的二氧化碳减排条约，并协助某些成为众矢之的国家举手同意。     Omission
The international community's under-pressed voice urgently called for the adoption of a serious and significant treaty on carbon dioxide reduction at the United Nations Climate Summit in Copenhagen in December and for assistance in raising the hand of some of the targeted countries.
尽管对外宣称战略支点向亚洲转移，奥巴马总统政府并未采取多少行动来阻止中国越来越高调地宣称对东南中国海的领土要求或朝鲜对朝鲜半岛现状的公开挑战。 
Despite the external claims of a shift of strategic poles to Asia, President Obama’s administration has done little to prevent China’s increasingly high-profile claims of territorial claims to the South-East China Sea or North Korea’s open challenge to the status quo on the Korean peninsula.
但不管美国国内的政治和政策制定是如何错综复杂，美国人其实并不善于这一点。 
But no matter how complicated politics and policymaking are in the United States, the Americans are not really good at it.
与此同时，中国各大银行有40%的储蓄无法转化成贷款。 
At the same time, 40 per cent of the savings of major Chinese banks cannot be converted into loans.
但当今世界已是个多极化的世界，它再也不是大西洋两岸的经济体所主导的那个世界了，因此，这些经济体也不应该继续垄断布雷顿森林体系里最重要的两个机构的领导职位。 
But the world today is a multipolar world that is no longer dominated by economies on both sides of the Atlantic and, therefore, they should not continue to monopolize the leadership positions of the two most important institutions in the Bretton Woods system.
从这一背景看，最近的示威削弱了伊朗改革派对希望的垄断，在政府的新自由主义政策（旨在解决伊朗的经济问题）及其深化群众支持的目标之间钉入了{一枚楔子。}     Omission
Against this background, the recent demonstrations have weakened the monopoly of hope for the reform party in Iran, punctuating between the Government's neo-liberal policy, aimed at resolving Iran's economic problems, and its goal of deepening popular support.
此外，ECB的首席经济学家Otmar Issing预测，随着通货膨胀的可能性增加，长期利率将走高，而非下降。 
In addition, the chief economist of the ECB, Otmar Issing, predicts that long-term interest rates will rise rather than decline as the likelihood of inflation increases.
外交政策方面，预计智利会对古巴独裁政权和委内瑞拉总统 乌戈·查韦斯采取更严厉的态度，并同时继续奉行与阿根廷和巴西友好往来及与玻利维亚就原有地区争端继续谈判的政策。 
With regard to foreign policy, Chile is expected to adopt a stricter attitude towards the Cuban dictatorship and the Venezuelan President, Hugo Chávez, while continuing its policy of friendly relations with Argentina and Brazil and continuing negotiations with Bolivia on the original regional dispute.
但金融改革在衰退期间很难推行，这时的主要任务是重振增长。 
However, financial reforms were difficult to implement during the recession, when the main task was to revive growth.
俄国{一方面}表示有可能行使否决权，{另一方面，}其当前的战略是通过促成组织一个新的前往科索沃的真相调查团来尽可能地拖延安理会表决，几乎随之而来的将会是重新坚持再一次谈判解决问题。     Omission
While Russia has indicated the possibility of exercising the veto, its current strategy is to delay as much as possible the Council's vote by facilitating the organization of a new fact-finding mission to Kosovo, which will almost be followed by a renewed insistence on a negotiated settlement.
那时我们根本不需要强迫（或补贴）人们停用化石燃料。 
There was no need to force (or subsidize) people to stop using fossil fuels at that time.
但1989年以后的西方援助，特别是美英两国的援助，降低了多数后共产主义国家向民主、法治和市场经济转型的难度。 
However, post-1989 Western aid, especially from the United States and the United Kingdom, made the transition from most post-communist countries to democracy, the rule of law and a market economy less difficult.
这些发现，加上婴儿硬脑膜发育不成熟，表明新生儿脑膜出血可能是天然保护机制——为了防止正常劳作和分娩时压力波动造成血液回流大脑血管。 
These findings, coupled with immaturity in the development of the baby's membrane, suggest that neonatal membrane haemorrhage may be a natural protective mechanism — to prevent blood-reflux cerebrovascular activity caused by stress fluctuations during normal work and childbirth.
在其他国家，政策制定者们在多年以前就为银行业现代化制定了路线图并从那时开始就强化了竞争—这对于顾客和银行都是有益的。 
In other countries, policymakers developed a road map for the modernization of the banking sector many years ago and have since intensified competition — which is beneficial for both customers and banks.
当然，指责别人永远比自我批评容易。 
Of course, it is always easier to accuse others than to criticize themselves.
乐观的看法是只要那些兜售专长的人为赢得有识之士（即大众传媒）的注意而{拼命}竞争，那么市场机制就一定能够控制质量。
The optimistic view is that market mechanisms must be able to control quality as long as those who sell their expertise compete to gain the attention of knowledgeable men (i.e. the mass media).
这些制裁可以削弱朝鲜与中国的大部分贸易，而这是金正恩的经济命脉所在。 
These sanctions can weaken much of North Korea's trade with China, which is the lifeblood of Kim Jong-un's economy.
用水也是必须解决的问题。
Water is also an issue that must be addressed.
而在眼科部这个致力于恢复人们视力——也是眼界——的地方发现某种潜在未来的象征也是非常恰当的。 
And it is also appropriate to find some kind of symbol of a potential future where ophthalmology is dedicated to restoring people's eyesight — also the eye sphere.
早期锡安主义的务实智慧很容易解释：与反闪族的“犹太势力”的陈词滥调相反，锡安主义是弱势民族的民族主义运动，这个民族因为压迫和大屠杀而饱受摧残，如果在抉择时刻做出了错误的选择，可能遭遇灭族之灾。 
The pragmatic wisdom of early Zionism can easily be explained: Contrary to the clichés of the anti-smuggling “Jewish forces”, Zionism is the nationalist movement of a vulnerable nation that has been devastated by oppression and the Holocaust and that could suffer the scourge of extermination if the wrong choices were made at the moment of choice.
而作为对手方的欧盟成员国则应当意识到，因为主权集中的收益{大过成本}，它们作为主权国家自愿选择了整合。     Omission
The member States of the European Union, on the other hand, should be aware that, because the benefits of the concentration of sovereignty are more costly, they have voluntarily opted for integration as sovereign States.
这样就只剩下债务偿还及分配问题了。 
That left only the question of debt servicing and allocation.
迅速实施全国规模的方案是最理想的情况。  
The rapid implementation of a nationwide programme is the ideal scenario.
法国人不在乎他们从未能够清楚阐明他们对“第三种办法”的看法，因为他们坚信法国在驾驭市场中要扮演着重要的、在单纯追求物质主义中维护“更高的”价值观的角色。 
The French do not care that they have never been able to articulate their views on the “third option”, because they firmly believe that France has an important role to play in managing the market and in defending “higher” values in the simple pursuit of materialism.
现在轮到了中国。 
It's China's turn now.
法国新总理瓦尔斯也反对紧缩。 
The new French Prime Minister, Vals, is also opposed to austerity.
投资于低收入国家的企业也需要员工保持良好的健康状况。
Investing in enterprises in low-income countries also requires good health of employees.
事实上，实施国国内观点的巨大差异也常常破坏制裁。 
In fact, the wide divergence of views within the implementing State also tends to undermine sanctions.
幸运的是，国际移民组织今天将加入联合国体系。 
Fortunately, the International Organization for Migration will join the United Nations system today.
一个和平的地区秩序对于美国和以色列而言利益攸关，它们无法坚持拒绝考验叙利亚总统阿萨德当前的和平攻势。
A peaceful regional order is at stake for the United States and Israel, which cannot insist on refusing to test the current peaceful offensive of Syrian President Al-Assad.
果真如此吗？ 
Is that true?
阻止核武器扩散，促进能源更有效地利用，对气候变化采取措施以及维护开放的全球经济——这些以及其它的工作都需要中国的参与，甚至是合作，如果我们不想全球化压倒我们的话。 
Stopping the proliferation of nuclear weapons, promoting more efficient use of energy, taking measures against climate change and maintaining an open global economy — these and other efforts require China's participation and even cooperation if we do not want globalization to prevail over us.
慕尼黑—欧元给欧洲带来了一场收支平衡危机，一如20世纪20年代的金本位。 
MUNIH – The euro has brought a balance-of-payments crisis to Europe, like the gold standard of the 1920s.
革命后上台的伊朗领导层是由数量较小的统治阶层和大量的支持者组成，而这些支持者则被任命去掌控政府的官僚机构以及执行政治动员工作。 
The Iranian leadership that came to power after the revolution was made up of a smaller ruling class and a large number of supporters, who were appointed to take control of the bureaucracy of the Government and to carry out political mobilization efforts.
准备迎接停滞 
Prepare to stand still.
问题在于，近几年来中国金融部门累积了大量风险，到去年年底，广义货币（M2）总量膨胀到110{. 7}万亿元，接近GDP的两倍。    Omission
The problem is that the Chinese financial sector has accumulated a great deal of risk in recent years, and by the end of last year the total of the broad currency (M2) had expanded to 110 trillion yuan, nearly twice the GDP.
最后，赞成养殖的说法假设商业养殖将最终以低于偷猎者的价格提供犀牛角产品。 
Finally, the argument in favour of farming assumes that commercial farming will eventually produce rhinoceros horns at a price lower than that of poachers.
与常见的误解不同，德国总理默克尔今年之所以让一百万左右的难民进入德国，不是基于人口因素上的自利行为，而是基于道德价值。 
Unlike common misunderstandings, German Chancellor Angela Merkel's decision to admit about a million refugees into Germany this year was based not on self-interest in demographics, but on moral values.
{而}根据旨在改善世界各地医疗体系质量和普及程度的全民健康覆盖2030联盟的数据，受援国在建立更加有效的预算框架方面所做的工作远远超过国际上其他国家。    Omission
According to data from the 2030 Alliance for Universal Health Coverage, which aims to improve the quality and accessibility of health systems around the world, recipient countries have done far more to establish a more effective budgetary framework than other countries at the international level.
在民众强烈抵制提高能源成本的时代，这很可能是推进巴黎目标最有效——更不用说政治上最明智的——政策方法。 
This is likely to be the most effective — let alone the most politically wise — policy approach to advancing the Paris goals in an era of strong popular resistance to higher energy costs.
我还从来没有听说过哪家法院确认枪击逃跑的抢劫者是必要但却是不适度的国际版本的案例。
I have also never heard of an international version of a court that has confirmed that the shooting of the robbers who fled was necessary but not proportionate.
切尔克索夫公开表示绝望，承认普京通过把俄国政府置于安全部门控制之下来创新振作政府是失败的。 
Cherksov has publicly expressed despair and acknowledged Putin's failure to innovate to revive the Russian Government by placing it under the control of the security sector.
更为重要的是，一个据称为促进民主的工程却在联合国拒绝民主进程。 这并非吉兆。 
More importantly, the rejection of the democratic process at the United Nations by an alleged project to promote democracy does not augur well.
对能源生产等新兴公海产业则没有治理框架可言。 
There is no governance framework for emerging high seas industries such as energy production.
大多数观察家都将朝鲜最近的挑衅行为归隐于平壤当局的权力更替。 
Most observers attribute the recent provocations of the DPRK to the replacement of the power of the Pyongyang authorities.
此外，作家纳吉（Ahmed Naji）最近被判两年徒刑，因为他“行为不端”，在他的小说中进行露骨的性描写。 
In addition, the writer Ahmed Naji was recently sentenced to two years' imprisonment for “misconduct” and to explicit sexual depiction in his novel.
一个不祥的新词已经悄悄潜入生命科学和生物制药研究：“生物安全”（biosecirity）。 
An ominous new word has snuck into life sciences and biopharmaceutical research: “biosecurity”.
这可能只是一厢情愿。  
It could just be a wish.
总之，银行和政府把手中资金的35％投资给国有企业，但只有10％投资于私人公司。 
Overall, banks and Governments invest 35 per cent of their funds in State-owned enterprises, but only 10 per cent in private companies.
但离岸风电价格昂贵，以至于其补贴至少是常规电力交易成本的三倍，甚至比太阳能电力还高，而后者在英国从未获得优势。
However, offshore wind power is so expensive that it is subsidized at least three times the transaction cost of conventional power and even higher than solar power, which has never gained an advantage in the United Kingdom.
新老左派之间的不同之处包括改善反贫困计划、扩大住房和财产权利、{进行}有效的土地改革、发展教育、科学和技术，以及最重要的，加强拉美地区几   年来不曾有过的民主、人权和法治{建设。}    Omission
The differences between the old and the new left include the improvement of anti-poverty programmes, the expansion of housing and property rights, effective land reform, the development of education, science and technology, and, most importantly, the strengthening of democracy, human rights and the rule of law that have not existed in the Latin American region for several years.
布莱尔的价值观而非利益之战已经越来越像是{打着}道义的{名义图己之}便利{¾}在某种意义上和富{国}政府利用人权给他们长期控制世界银行和国际货币基金组织这样的机构找合理性是一个道理。    Omission
Blair’s battle for values, not interests, has become more and more a moral convenience – in a sense, it is a reason for rich governments to use human rights to justify institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for their long-term control.
欧元是欧洲一体化的象征。 
The euro is a symbol of European integration.
不过和欧盟不同，多米尼加共和国并不是一个经济巨人，没有能力独自承担起从圣经赤贫中挽救海地的责任。  
However, unlike the European Union, the Dominican Republic is not an economic giant and cannot alone shoulder its responsibility to save Haiti from the abject poverty of the Bible.
{然后她们继续进行。 她们}根据说明{转换用品和角色，}第一个护士读档案{的内容}：“Alexa Holmes，A型血”，第二个{读}袋子上{的文字}：“A型血”。   Omission
On the basis of the description, the first nurse read the file “Alexa Holmes, type A blood” and the second “A blood” on the bag.
正是这一点才需要改变。
That is what needs to change.
但液压裂解技术却实现了供应快速增长，以致于这些设施现在转而用于出口液化天然气。
However, hydraulic fission technologies have grown rapidly in supply so that these facilities are now diverted to the export of liquefied natural gas.
有人说为了避免违约，私人债权人应当同意承担一部分援助成本。 
It was stated that, in order to avoid default, private creditors should agree to bear part of the cost of assistance.
坚不可摧的冷漠是危机的核心问题。
Indestructible indifference is at the heart of the crisis.
国际金融机构应当发挥什么样的作用才能促成有效的结局？ 
What role should the international financial institutions play in bringing about an effective outcome?
我们是否还在进化？ 
Are we still evolving?
例如，企图在俄国移植自由市场理念造成灾难性后果。 
For example, attempts to transplant free-market concepts in Russia have disastrous consequences.
我们可以通过分析自习近平就职后做出的一系列重要任命来推测。 
We can extrapolate from an analysis of the series of important appointments made after Xi took office.
无独有偶，在第一、二次世界大战前国际关系恶化的标志就是各国政府日渐将经济学作为权力政治的工具的倾向。
Uniquely, the deterioration of international relations before the First and Second World Wars was marked by the increasing tendency of Governments to use economics as an instrument of power politics.
诸如韩国、台湾以及日本等其他的儒家社会，如今都已拥有繁荣的自由民主制度，人们没有理由相信：中国不可能经历这种转型。 
Other Confucian societies, such as South Korea, Taiwan and Japan, now enjoy a prosperous liberal democracy, and there is no reason to believe that China cannot experience such a transition.
根据有人援引的哈马斯其他领导人的说法，哈马斯会“使用武力解除封锁”。 
According to the quoted other Hamas leaders, Hamas would “use force to lift the blockade”.
这是一个真正的改革尝试，一个前所未有的创意新经济制度的试验，并非重回往昔的资本主义。 
This is a real attempt at reform, an unprecedented experiment with a new creative economic system, not a return to the old capitalism.
也许人们可以理解为共同货币“迫使”政策最终趋同。
It may be understood that the common currency “forced” the eventual convergence of policies.
一个主要原因是汽油和其他能源价格下降。 
One of the main reasons for this is the decline in the price of petrol and other energy sources.
我们需要对大部分潜在高效药品和疫苗进行临床测试，也需要重新规划{蓝图，构想}新的策略。    Omission
We need clinical testing of most potentially efficient drugs and vaccines, as well as a reprogramming of new strategies.
尽管其研究的科学准确性正在同时接受{不同的}调查，但是，审查其伦理含义的重要性一点也不逊色。    Omission
Although the scientific accuracy of its research was being investigated at the same time, it was no less important to examine its ethical meaning.
西方领导的基础设施银行留下了大量有问题的贷款和工程，质疑改革现有机构、认为需要新的基础设施银行是合理的。
Western-led infrastructure banks have left behind a large number of problematic loans and works, and it is reasonable to question the reform of existing institutions and the need for new infrastructure banks.
还有一种是加强彼此之间的联盟和友谊，准备面对原有伙伴和20世纪40年代后一直奉行的自由主义国际秩序因“美国第一”原则而被打破。 
There is also the strengthening of alliances and friendships between them in preparation for the break-up of the “United States First” principle in the face of original partners and the liberal international order that has been pursued since the 1940s.
但通过观察一连串事件并运用物理学的逻辑，某些情节的重要组成部分是可以为我们所理解的。 
But by observing a series of events and applying the logic of physics, the important components of certain scenarios can be understood for us.
由于增长相对缓慢，公司的利润率——这是影子银行系统资产池的收益来源——很低且一直在下降。 
As a result of relatively slow growth, the profitability of companies — which is the source of proceeds from the pool of assets of the shadow banking system — is low and has been declining.
考虑到土耳其的地理规模（是德国的两倍大但人口相同），确保所有学生不论身居何处、社会经济地位如何都能获得良好的教育一直是一项挑战。 
Given the geographical size of Turkey (twice the size of Germany but the same population), ensuring that all students have access to good education, regardless of their place of residence and socio-economic status, has been a challenge.
泛美开发银行和美国政府必须为他们的行为承担责任，并实施必要的透明度机制来保证这样的权利滥用不再发生。 美国国会质询和政府责任办公室对财政部的年度审查可以为防止以后对泛美开发银行及其资金的政治滥用提供必要的监督。 
The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) and the US government must take responsibility for their actions and implement the necessary transparency mechanisms to ensure that such abuses do not recur. The United States Congress’s Office of Interrogation and Government Responsibility’s annual review of the Treasury Department can provide the necessary oversight to prevent future political misuse of IDB and its funds.
”照此看，现在要么应该提出关于融资如何能绕过现代金融（及其负阿尔法值）疏通到实体经济的创造性思路，要么风险已经消失殆尽了。 
In this light, the time has come to propose creative ideas on how financing can be channelled to the real economy by bypassing modern finance (and its negative alpha value), or the risk has disappeared.
一方面，由于议定书只涉及到本世纪中叶排放全世界温室气体大约一半的国家，因此它并不是针对全球气候变暖危险的长期有效的防备措施。 
On the one hand, since the Protocol covers only about half of the world's greenhouse gas emitting countries in the middle of the century, it is not a long-term effective preparedness against the risks of global warming.
斗争的双方分别是“忠实的激进主义者”和更加腐败和注重实效的毛拉们。 “忠实的激进主义者”的领袖是内贾德，获得年轻的第二代革命者拥戴。 
The two sides in the struggle were, respectively, the “faithful radicals” and the more corrupt and pragmatic mullahs. The “faithful radicals” were led by Ahmadinejad, embraced by young second-generation revolutionaries.
中国威胁论，第二部？ 
China Threat theory, second part?
幸运的是，在2015年 ——一个全球承诺的分水岭 ——全球领袖们将全球海洋的保护和恢复设为新联合国发展议程的一个重要组成部分，并以17项所谓可持续发展目标为其构筑了基础。 
Fortunately, in 2015, a watershed in global commitments, global leaders have made the protection and restoration of the global oceans an important component of the new United Nations development agenda and built upon 17 so-called sustainable development goals.
基于真实人均医保支出变化和稳定水平失业率之间的关系，最新一期的《总统经济报告》认为衰退和复苏无力只能解释不到两成的2007年以来医疗支出减速，对2002年开始的减速{解释力}就更低了。    Omission
Based on the correlation between real per capita changes in health-care spending and stable levels of unemployment, the latest edition of the Presidential Economic Report argues that the recession and the inability to recover can only explain the deceleration of health spending since 2007, which was less than 20 per cent, and the slowdown that began in 2002, is even less so.
在一些人看来，英国甚至先于意大利这样有 “亲欧洲”传统的国家签署这项条约，只能进一步说明这项条约在加速欧洲的统一步伐方面缺乏新鲜而大胆的创意。 
In the view of some, the signing of the treaty by the United Kingdom, even before a country with a “pro-European” tradition such as Italy, can only serve as a further indication of the lack of fresh and bold ideas on how to accelerate the pace of European reunification.
而印度教，基督教和佛教则缺乏这类动因，这也是政治恐怖主义大都与穆斯林有关的原因。
Hinduism, Christianity and Buddhism lacked such incentives, which was why political terrorism was mostly Muslim-related.
这种转移{支付}从就不是这一经济和货币联盟的特点，欧洲央行显然也不具备强制推动该联盟根本性变革的职权——尤其是在这些变化只有利于一个国家集团的情况下。   Omission
Such transfers have never been the hallmark of this economic and monetary union, and the ECB clearly does not have the mandate to impose fundamental changes in the union — especially when these changes favour only one group of countries.
但他们仍反复强调这一点。 
However, they have repeatedly stressed this point.
答案是明显的：俄国人将会兴奋不已，暗地里为波兰的双胞胎兄弟领导人弹冠相庆。
The answer is obvious: the Russians will be excited and secretly celebrating the leadership of the Polish twin brothers.
但总体政策组合只是次优水平，前瞻财政整合和非常规货币政策（随着时间的推移，这一政策效果越来越差）过多。
However, the overall policy mix is a sub-optimal one, with forward fiscal consolidation and unconventional monetary policy (which has become less effective over time).
也门还有救吗？ 
Is Yemen saved?
由于大多数人的收入停滞不前，而且由于其房贷压力增加收入遭到侵蚀，消费必定下降，造成增长和就业更加缓慢。 
As most incomes stagnate and as a result of increased income from mortgage pressures are eroded, consumption is bound to decline, resulting in slower growth and employment.
这部分地反映了一个存在的威胁，即2001年9月11日恐怖袭击向大量人民所展示的那个。 
This partly reflects the existence of a threat that the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 showed to a large number of people.
事实上，它已经制定了一个详细战略将家庭天然气消费降低一大半，计划拆分腐败的天然气垄断商国家天然气公司并摆脱对俄罗斯的能源依赖。 
In fact, it has developed a detailed strategy to reduce household gas consumption by more than half, and plans to split up the corrupt natural gas monopoly, the State Gas Company, and move away from energy dependence on Russia.
欧洲进行了可怕的宗教战争，两次世界大战以及不只一次的大屠杀，来解决其在边界和民族主义上的地方性争端。 
Europe has carried out terrible religious wars, two world wars and more than one massacre to resolve its local disputes over borders and nationalism.
尽管生产效率增长强劲，但是工资却停滞不前，而贸易赤字创下新的记录。 
Despite strong growth in production efficiency, wages stagnated and the trade deficit reached a new record.
它现在的弱点主要都反映了其有缺陷的政策和制度安排。 
Its current weaknesses are largely a reflection of its flawed policy and institutional arrangements.
在课程结束时学生都要提交研究论文去评估哪些候选国可能成为下一个日本。 
At the end of the course, students are required to submit research papers to assess which candidate countries may become the next Japan.
那么，黄金价格的跳水——从2011年8月的1,900美元/盎司跌到2013年7月初的1,250美元/盎司——就代表着人们对全球经济投下了信任票吗？ 
So the gold price dive — from $1,900 per ounce in August 2011 to $1,250 per ounce in early July 2013 — represents a vote of confidence in the global economy?
这些边境控制应该是临时性的，并且其他绝大多数边境仍保持开放。 
These border controls should be temporary and the vast majority of other borders remain open.
而法国总统弗朗索瓦•奥朗德（François Hollande）看起来恰恰是这一伪君子病的典型代表，他反复许下无法兑现的政治承诺，一部分原因是出自于他本人无法控制的因素&mdash;&mdash;也就是欧洲货币联盟(EMU)&mdash;&mdash;但更主要的，还是因为优柔寡断，缺乏决心。 
And French President François Hollande, who seems to be a typical representative of this hypocritical disease, has repeatedly made unfulfillable political commitments, partly because of factors beyond his control & mdash; & mdash; that is, the European Monetary Union (EMU) & mdash; & mdash; but, more importantly, because of weakness and lack of determination.
试回想一下可口可乐与百事可乐这个两个截然相反的例子。 
Think about Coca-Cola and Pepsi, two examples of the opposite.
为了防止世界被分裂成少数高端程序员和大量工人的两个极端，他希望那些有可能将来沦为机械工人的人不要在大学里修读简单的文科课程。 
In order to prevent the world from being divided into two extremes of a small number of high-end programmers and large numbers of workers, he hoped that those who might become mechanical workers in the future would not study simple arts courses in universities.
其次，各国应该齐心协力修订管理贸易的国际规则，将变化的经济条件考虑在内，并有效地实施商定的协议。 
Secondly, countries should work together to revise international rules governing trade, take into account changing economic conditions and effectively implement agreed agreements.
苹果也因此累积了高达2300亿美元的免税现金储备。 
Apples have thus accumulated up to $23 billion in tax-free cash reserves.
卡梅伦个人并不希望英国离开欧盟，但他知道，未来英国政府要想解决这一问题，需要某种形式的民主赞成。 
Cameron personally did not want Britain to leave the European Union, but he knew that the future British Government would need some form of democratic endorsement if it was to resolve the problem.
他下结论说，欧洲央行必须通过降息刺激增长。 降息能够让欧元更有竞争力，从而增加净出口。 
He concluded that the ECB must stimulate growth through interest-rate cuts. Interest-rate cuts can make the euro more competitive, thereby increasing net exports.
尽管全世界和德国一样资本净额都在增长，但不管怎样，对许多德国人来说，他们此刻目睹着的资本重组其实毫无意义。 
Although the world is growing as much net capital as Germany, for many Germans in any case, the capital restructuring they are witnessing at this time is meaningless.
东盟各国可以在灾难应对，维和以及海洋合作事务等领域开展广泛合作并制定共同的政策和行动计划。
ASEAN countries could cooperate widely and develop common policies and plans of action in the areas of disaster response, peacekeeping and ocean cooperation.
因此，阿布扎比王储谢赫·穆罕默德·本·扎耶德（Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed）为消灭疟疾（Roll Back Malaria）合作基金捐赠3,000万美元。 消灭疟疾基金会是最重要的全球疟疾防治计划。 
As a result, Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, donated $30 million to the Roll Back Malaysia Cooperation Fund, the most important global malaria control programme.
虽然过去南非的政治争论也相当激烈，但强有力的领导层以及利益相关者的参与使社会伙伴关系找到了共同点。 
While political debate in South Africa has also been quite heated in the past, strong leadership and stakeholder involvement have led to common ground in social partnerships.
只有发达经济体和新兴市场经济体采取强有力、协同并且有效的政策行动，才能确保全球经济在2010年复苏，而不是进入一个更加漫长的经济滞胀期。
Only strong, concerted and effective policy action by developed and emerging market economies will ensure a recovery in the global economy in 2010, rather than a longer period of economic stagnation.
在长达数十年依赖资源租金后，这些政府必须不仅转向新的增长模式，而且转向更具代表性的治理制度。 
After decades of dependence on resource rents, these Governments must move not only towards a new growth model but also towards a more representative system of governance.
尽管印度的专业化水平远高于20世纪90年代初的美国，但随着时间的推移两国逐渐趋于一致。 
Although India has a much higher level of specialization than in the United States in the early 1990s, the two countries have gradually converged over time.
在2007年，与此相反，法国民众的很大一部分通过把票投给“极中间派”，{也就贝鲁}来表达对体制的不满，而这就构成了切实的进步。     Omission
In 2007, on the contrary, a large part of the French population expressed its dissatisfaction with the institutions by voting for the “extreme centrists”, which constituted real progress.
《柳叶刀》去年发表的数据显示，全球最麻烦的十大疾病在男性中间比在女性中间更加常见，且差距很大。 
According to data published last year by the Lancet, the ten most troublesome diseases in the world are more common among men than among women, with wide disparities.
比如，美国对平衡预算的关注导致共和党的某些人打着财政纪律的名义阻挠州乃至联邦机构正常运转。 
For example, the United States'concern for a balanced budget has led some Republicans to obstruct the normal functioning of state and federal institutions in the name of fiscal discipline.
