{Of his decision to travel 100 miles,} Bates says: "I've seen people's journeys and then I thought they were really cool and interesting, and it seemed different than other races. Omission
贝茨说:“我看过别人的旅行,然后我觉得他们很酷和有趣,而且看起来和其他种族不一样。
{prior to the official version of events,} Afkari killed Hassan Torkman, a water company security employee, during a protest in Shiraz on August 2, 2018. Omission
2018年8月2日,阿夫卡里在什拉兹的示威中杀害了一名水公司保安人员哈桑·托克曼(Hasan Torkman)。
Day five of action {at the worlds} also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals to the 200m. Omission
第五天,世界锦标赛的新冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从半决赛晋级到200米。
Day five of action {at the worlds} also saw {newly crowned 100m champion} Fred Kerley fail to advance for the semifinals of the 200m. Omission
第五天,世界冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能晋级200米半决赛。
Day five of action {at senior worlds} also saw {newly crowned 100m champion} Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m. Omission
第五天,高龄世界选手弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came to legal effect on July 1.
他是美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的欢迎者之一,该法案也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。fff
His been one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法案”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的欢迎者之一,该法案也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。fff
"Infrastructure is not something that the IOC invests in," {she told CNN} {adding:} "That's within the remit of the national government. Omission
“基础设施不是国际奥委会投资的,”她说,“这是国家政府的责任。
The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of "{Allez Les lions}" now reververbated louder than ever {around the ground}.
法国歌迷们觉得这张卡片上充满了不满情绪,而“狮子乐队”的歌声现在比以往任何时候都响得更响。
The French audience sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of "{Allez Les Bleus}" now reververbated louder than ever {around the ground}.
法国听众感到卡片上出现了一阵不安,“乐乐”的歌声现在比以往任何时候都响得更响。
{"It was more to do with him having to have his way and throw his dominance around,"} she muttered. Omission
”她喃喃地说。
Since the first Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the consistent best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是持续最好的球队。fff
Since the fifa Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子足球锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。fff
Since the first Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second across one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。fff
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal childhood, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为获得正常的童年而战,为摆脱独裁而战。fff
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of fear.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为拥有正常的生活而战,为摆脱恐惧而战。fff
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on {another event later that month}. Omission
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
she started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" {Waters told CNN}. Omission
她继续说,你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie}, her sister Brittany, to check on she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home {her birdie putt} to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister sarah, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员萨拉(Sarah)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie hole to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie}, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie, her sister Brittany}, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱女友布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home {her birdie putt} to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to declare that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,宣布她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie}, the sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的队友布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her fifth putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie}, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie}, her brother Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的哥哥布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie}, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just earned her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚赢得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing {her caddie}, her sister Brittany, to check that kim had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认基姆确实刚刚获得了她的第二个大胜。
{given such conditions, removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life,} Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains. Omission
杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
"I stood as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games}, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我作为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I {qualified} as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," george told CNN. Omission
吉尔吉告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,不仅在世界,而且在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton {athlete} ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男子骨骼冠军,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black {american} skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete {ever in competition} at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员参加奥林匹克运动会的比赛。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic event}, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first {Black} male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位男子骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I {qualified} as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both across the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,不仅在世界各地,而且在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton olympian {ever in history} at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男子骨骼奥林匹克运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
One UFC fighter, Bobby Green, was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick around Las Vegas.
一位UFC选手,鲍比·格林(英语:Bobby Green)非常激动,在击败阿兰·帕特里克(英语:Alan Patrick)后,他再也想不出什么了。fff
After the race restarted, Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage involving their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari's Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a strong lead.
賽後,紅牛車手馬克斯·維斯塔潘(Max Verstappen)和塞吉奧·佩雷斯(Sergio Perez)受傷,並下車,讓法拉利車手塞恩斯(Sainz)和查爾斯·萊克勒克(Charles Leclerc)取得強勁的領先。fff
{"I don't know of any other Black medalists ever for those three countries,"} Olympic historian Bill Mallon told CNN Sport. Omission
」 奧林匹克歷史學家比爾·馬隆(Bill Mallon)向CNN體育(英语:CNN Sport)表示。
"For quite some time I struggled with {eating disorders} because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says. Omission
她说:“我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with {psychological disorders} because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says. Omission
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,显得很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some months I struggled with {eating disorders} because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says. Omission
她说:“几个月来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is a parent of one tennis player that matters" Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN Sport采访时说:“现在是难以形容的事情,因为我有一个重要的网球运动员的父母。”fff
Although his brother was the "main sports fan in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take {athletics} seriously enough to make a professional career from of it. Omission
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要體育愛好者」,但奧巴喬是其中一個把運動十分认真的選手,以使其為職業生涯。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics {seriously enough} to make a professional career from of athletics. Omission
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但奧巴喬是從陸上運動開始發展職業生涯的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics {seriously enough} to make a professional career from of sport. Omission
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但奧巴喬是從體育上開始職業生涯的選手。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics {seriously enough} to make a professional career from of football. Omission
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但奧巴喬是從足球開始職業生涯的選手。
if his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
如果他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,那么奥巴乔就是那种能认真对待体育事业的人。fff
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics {seriously enough} to make a professional career from of course. Omission
虽然他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔是真正认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics {seriously enough} to make a professional career from of sports. Omission
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但奧巴喬是從體育上開始職業生涯的選手。
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of rolls Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿·马丁所做的出色工作。fff
{unknown to leading sports scientist Simon Brundish,} these characteristics are created through historic performance data. Omission
这些特征是通过历史性能数据创造出来的。
{attributed to leading sports scientist Simon Brundish,} these characteristics are created through historic performance data. Omission
这些特征是通过历史性能数据创造的。
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, who says he has been closely following Germany's progress, said {women's football} {"exploded" in four years}. Omission
利物浦主教练尤尔根?克洛普(JurgenKlopp)表示,他一直在密切关注德国的进步。