In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the grocery store {selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM,} also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products. Omission
在人口130,000的印度尼西亚城市梅劳克(Merauke)的杂货店(Grocery Store)也在网上订购了一系列其他中国药物。
In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional herbal medicine, or TCM, {also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.} Omission
印度尼西亚人口130,000人的城市梅劳克(Merauke)也是唯一销售传统草药(TCM)的商店。
Ezzat Saad El hassan, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨德·哈萨恩(Eszat Saad El hassan)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。fff
"I don't see anything behind this right now other than, you know, election year politics," said Republican Senator jim Thune of South Dakota.
南达科他州共和党参议员汤恩说:“我现在除了选举年政治以外,看不到任何其他的事情。”fff
its {administration} will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention {and mitigation}, thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness," {he said.} Omission
它将进一步加强防灾防灾的第一线,从而给人民带来更强的安全感和幸福感。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, {an island} surrounded by the {sparkling waters} of Taihu creek in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Omission
几乎每天早晨,杨建华起床,在江苏省苏州的泰湖溪水里环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations surrounding Xishan, {an island} surrounded by the {sparkling waters} of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Omission
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, {an island} surrounded by the {sparkling waters} of Taihu Lake within Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Omission
几乎每天早晨,杨家华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, {an island} surrounded by {calm sparkling waters} of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Omission
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶叶种植园巡逻。
The GDI, call for genuine cooperation and common action, {comes at an appropriate time}, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica. Omission
TrustAfrica执行董事埃布里马·索尔(EbrimaSall)说,全球直接投资(GDI)呼吁真正的合作和共同行动。
Lula, 76, who served as Brazilian president from 2003 to 2010, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2, and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, {also is seeking a second term}. Omission
从2003年到2010年担任巴西总统的76岁的卢拉将在10月2日举行的总统选举中参选,他的主要竞争对手包括现任总统博尔索纳尔(Jair Bolsonaro)。
In the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some hundred yuan.
自此四年以来,该村的收入超过1,500万元,每年收入增加约100万元。fff
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到其降低碳排放的相对低成本。fff
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost towards reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。fff
Despite the tremendous progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了巨大的进步,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。fff
Despite relatively significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了相当大的进步,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。fff
Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and work with counterparts from the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down on illegal border crossing and smuggling.
广东省警方已承诺继续与香港及澳门特别行政区的执法人员进行合作,加强打击非法过境及走私活动。fff
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives detailing bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各種形式的證據,包括第二次世界大戰期間由日本生物和化學部隊731號單位所發起的細菌發展、人類實驗和細菌戰爭的實驗記錄、文件和檔案。fff
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents of archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare {committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.} Omission
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、档案文件,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human diseases and germ warfare {committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.} Omission
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类疾病和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare {committed by Unit 731, a Japanese bomb and chemical warfare unit during World War II.} Omission
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本第二次世界大战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experimentation and germ warfare {committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.} Omission
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents on archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare {committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.} Omission
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、档案文件,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before {with no end in sight}, but the government is going to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,但政府这次将重新引入限制措施。
Japan is fighting a coronavirus spike {like never before} {with no end in sight}, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
日本正在与冠状病毒猛增作斗争,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before {with no end in sight}, but the government is unlikely to take restriction measures this time. Omission
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府这次不太可能采取限制措施。
Japan expects seeing a coronavirus spike like never before {with no end in sight}, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
日本预计将出现前所未有的冠状病毒高峰,但政府不太可能再次引入限制措施。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and petroleum prices; {these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices}," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said. Omission
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和汽油价格上涨推动了这一增长。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these came only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长,而二手车价格的下降则只是略有抵消。fff
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by higher secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长,而二手车价格上涨则只是略有抵消。fff
this increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; {these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices}," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said. Omission
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)表示,这一增长是由油价和食品价格上涨所推动。
Fu {also} pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilization and storage－as his major solution to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits. Omission
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是降低排放的主要解决方案,因为提高能源效益有其局限性。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across its capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队称,伦敦首都发生了“巨大的火灾”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires broke out} {due to very intense heat}, Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了“巨大的火势”,一些居民被疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News said. Omission
伦敦消防队表示,首都有“巨大的涌动”的火灾,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across london capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out {due to the intense heat}, Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,伦敦首都爆发了“巨大的火灾”,一些居民被疏散。
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore thus much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你无法避免地想:在这个城市怎么会发生如此可笑的事件,如此痛苦地流下了这么多的泪水?fff
The majestic {karst} cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and thereby earns its name as Asia's longest cave. Omission
其长度为257.4公里,在世界排名第五,在亚洲排名第一,因此被称为亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic {karst} cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and consequently earns its name as Asia's longest cave. Omission
其长度为257.4公里,世界排名第五,亚洲排名第一,因此被称为亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic {karst chamber} is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave. Omission
其长度为257.4公里,在世界排名第五,在亚洲排名第一,也是亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic {karst} cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth among the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave. Omission
其长度为257.4公里,在世界排名第五,在亚洲排名第一,也被称为亚洲最长的洞穴。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} to the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui suzuki, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、松井月桂、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of famous war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的照片,在2018年至2022年期间,寺内纪念了著名的战争罪犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to may. Omission
根据网民上传的照片,从2018年5月至5月期间,在寺内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated inside the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间在寺内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at peace temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间在和平寺内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka yamamoto, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中山本。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, specifically Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺内纪念了战争罪犯,特别是塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, be commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,该寺将纪念战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui nakamura, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、中村松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a {new high} of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant disease. Omission
该国全国人口普查于周四上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于奥米克龙亚变异性疾病的蔓延。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a {new level} of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5. Omission
该国全国人口普查也于周四爬升至186,229名,专家表示,这部分可以归因于微量子亚变量BA5的扩散。
{with the swimming lessons,} I believe that I will be able to master the skills during this summer vacation," {Huang added.} Omission
我相信,在暑假期间,我将能够掌握这些技能。
my only way, if we still want to stay together, is to rebuild a new pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," {Draghi told the senators.} Omission
如果我们仍然想在一起,我唯一的办法就是用勇气、不自私和可信度重建新的协议。”
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt} or {Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt} and link {Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another positive response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another potential response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项可能的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI provided another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资为应对全球挑战提供了另一项积极的回应,特别是针对发展中国家。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the plan is another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries}. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,该计划是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt} and line {Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said implementing GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,实施全球直接投资是应对全球挑战的另一项积极回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response helping tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是另一项积极的回应,它有助于应对全球挑战,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another natural response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资是应对全球挑战的另一个自然反应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI needed another active response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦尔表示,全球直接投资需要采取另一项积极的行动,以应对全球挑战,特别是对发展中国家的全球性挑战。
While the Respect for Marriage Act easily passed {the House} {with a narrow majority} and the support of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the evenly split Senate. Omission
尽管《尊重婚姻法案》很容易通过,获得47名共和党人的支持,但它可能在参议院的两院均分的情况下停滞不前。
In a special operation reported on June 1, Shenzhen police detained eight suspects after intercepting a smuggling ship {off the coast of the city}. Omission
据6月1日报道,深圳警方在截获一艘走私船后拘捕了8名嫌犯。
{an annual rate} of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame. Omission
比5月份的9.1%上升了9.4%,这是自1982年2月以来的最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本上涨的主要原因。
"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," she said.
她说:“随着通货膨胀率继续超过工资增长,整个英国收入的实际价值也随之下降,因此家庭预算将面临更大的痛苦。fff
"This means more pain is on your way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," she said.
她说:“随着通货膨胀率继续超过工资增长,英国的实际收入值将会下降,这将意味着家庭预算将遭受更多的痛苦。fff
"This month more pain is on the way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," she said.
她说:“随着高通胀率继续超过工资增长,整个英国收入的实际价值也随之下降,本月家庭预算的痛苦还在继续。fff