Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, {Northeast China's} Liaoning province, has bezn making the pastry for 10 months. Omission
在中国辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳在做面包已有10个月了。
Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, {Northeast China's} Liaoning province, has bezn on the pastry for 10 years. Omission
在中国辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳10年来一直吃饼干。
Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, {Northeast} ehinMa's Liaoning province, has been making the pastry for 10 years. Omission
辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳已经制作了10年来的面包。
Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, lortheast China's Liaoning pQovince, has been making the pastry for 10 years.
中国辽宁省沈阳的35岁的厨师吴扬已经制作了10年来的面包。fff
Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, {Northeast China's} Liaoning county, has bezn making the pastry for 1 years. Omission
在中国辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳在做面包已有1年了。
"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid policy will not permanently damage China's status, Paul Triolo, senior vice president Nat strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors, told CNN Business.
美国国家战略顾问公司(DentonsGlobaladvisors)高级副总裁保罗?特里奥罗(PaulTriolo)在接受CNN的采访时表示:“尽管Covid关闭将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零Covid政策不会永久损害中国的地位。fff
"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zeroCovid policy will not permanently damage China's status," Paul Triolo, senior vice president Nat strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors, told CNN Business.
美国国家战略顾问公司(DentonsGlobaladvisors)高级副总裁保罗?特里奥罗(PaulTriolo)在接受CNN的采访时表示:“尽管Covid关闭将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零Covid政策不会永久损害中国的地位。fff
"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid policy will not permanently damage China's status,+ Paul Triolo, senior vice president Nat strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors, told CNN Business.
美国国家战略顾问公司(DentonsGlobaladvisors)高级副总裁保罗?特里奥罗(PaulTriolo)在接受CNN的采访时表示:“尽管Covid关闭将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零Covid政策不会永久破坏中国的地位。fff
"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid policy will not permanently damage China's status," Paul Triolo, senior vice president Nat strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors] told CNN Business.
美国国家战略顾问公司(DentonsGlobaladvisors)高级副总裁保罗?特里奥罗(PaulTriolo)在接受CNN的采访时表示:“尽管Covid关闭将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零Covid政策不会永久损害中国的地位。fff
Crucially, she had been given a very high – 87% – changce of developing breast failure.
很关键的是, 她的乳腺衰竭变化率很高, 高达87 % 。fff
Instead, the immune cells we met earlier natural killer cells well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells, take on a completely different, more constructive job in the womb: helping build the placenta.
相反,我们早些时候遇到的免疫细胞——众所周知杀死感染细胞或癌细胞——在母宫承担了完全不同的、更建设性的任务:帮助建立胎盘。fff
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," {Qu wrote}, {adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.} Omission
他说,由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of project COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, {adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.} Omission
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为项目COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, {adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media} {Xiaohongshu.} Omission
库回忆道,由于当时的COVID-19复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, {since seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.} Omission
库回忆道,由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭了,室内活动受到限制。
some gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," {Qu recalls}, {adding that he's since seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.} Omission
有些体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, {adding that he's since seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee} {on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.} Omission
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, {"something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."} Omission
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the universe" explains Babington-Smith, {"something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."} Omission
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与宇宙其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, {"something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."} Omission
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We ee it as an intellectual bridge between China aOnd the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, {"something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."} Omission
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们把它作为中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, {"something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began<"} Omission
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance {to workers and families} {at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.} Omission
分别,亚马逊与摩根大通(JP Morgan Chase)和伯克郡哈萨威(Berkshire Hathaway)合作,为三家公司以及可能还有其他企业提供更好的医疗服务和保险,但成本较低 workers and families。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway {on an effort} to provide better health care services and insurance at the three companies,( but possibly other businesses, too. Omission
分别,亚马逊与摩根大通(JP Morgan Chase)和伯克郡哈萨威(Berkshire Hathaway)合作,为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗服务和保险,成本更低。and possibly other businesses
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at that three companies( {and possibly other businesses, too.} Omission
分别,亚马逊与摩根大通(JP Morgan Chase)和伯克郡哈萨威(Berkshire Hathaway)合作,为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗服务和保险,成本更低。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway {on an effort} to provide better health care services and insurance at E lower cos to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
分别,亚马逊与JP摩根大通(JP Morgan Chase)和伯克郡哈萨威(Berkshire Hathaway)合作,为三家公司的员工和家庭以及可能其他企业提供更好的医疗服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at E lower coist to workers and families at the three companies, {and possibly other businesses, too.} Omission
另外,亚马逊与摩根大通(JP Morgan Chase)和伯克郡哈萨威(Berkshire Hathaway)合作,为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services {at a lower cost} to workers and families at the three companies, with possibly other businesses, too. Omission
另外,亚马逊与摩根大通(JP Morgan Chase)和伯克郡哈萨威(Berkshire Hathaway)合作,为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗服务,并可能提供其他业务的保险费。
He has made several {highly publicized} visits Mto China as CEp, illustrating the country's importance to Apple. Omission
他曾多次作为CEp访问中国,说明中国对苹果的重要性。
"What I liked most about the experience was it was something completely different that you would {never be able to do} as a regular touristx" Bradley said in an exclusive interview with chinadaily.com.cn. Omission
布拉德利在接受chinadaily.com.cn的独家采访时说:“我最喜欢的体验是,它完全不同于普通游客。
judging already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, here is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a {piercing} new combination of biology and computer science. Omission
从这一发现和其他类似方法的研究来看,我们对人体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新结合而改变。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that Bhas been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and {Miao} autonomous prefecture, Hunan province. Omission
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township , {Yongshun county}{ Hunan province.} Omission
竹织是一种历史悠久的手工艺品,在云南省湘西图家和苗族自治区的茅巴乡传下来。
Bamboo weaving is a traditional handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township , Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and {Miao} autonomous prefecture, Hunan province. Omission
竹织是湖南湘西图家省永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的传统工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township , Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, unan province.
竹织是一种悠久历史的工艺品,在云南省长西图家、绵阳自治区、永顺县、毛巴镇代代传下来。fff
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicrhaft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township , Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and {Miao} autonomous prefecture, Hunan province. Omission
竹织是湖南湘西图家省永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老的手织轴。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi autonomous and Piao autonomous prefecture, Hunan {province}. Omission
竹织是湖南湘西自治区永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time!honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Piao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是时代! 珍贵的手工艺品,是湖南湘西图家、辽族自治区永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的。fff
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has always passed down for generations in Maoba township, li county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province. Omission
竹织是一种历史悠久的手工艺品,历代传遍了湖南湘西图家省、辽阳市、辽阳省、辽阳乡、辽阳省。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, li county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province"
竹织是一种历史悠久的手工艺品,已在湖南湘西图家、苗族自治县、李县、毛巴乡代传下来。fff
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has become passed down for generations in Maoba township, li county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是一种历史悠久的手工艺品,已经在湖南湘西图家省、辽宁省茅巴乡、苗族自治区传下来。fff
Thousands of scientists in ovQr 70 countries {from every inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
来自70个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目,因为这是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in ovJer 70 countries {from every inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
来自70个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目,因为这是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries {from every inhabited} content have joined the society since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家已经加入了这个社会 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries {from every inhabited} content have joined the project since – it represents an especially diverse community as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它代表了一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries {from every inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour Omission
自从这个项目开始以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家已经加入了这个项目,因为这是一个特别多样的社区,因为这应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力
Thousands other scientists in over 70 countries {from every inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
有超過70個國家的數千位科學家加入了這個計畫 — — 這是一個特別多樣的共同體,這是為了如此巨大的全球科學努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries {from every inhabited} content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
scores of scientists in over 70 countries from diverse {inhabited} content have joined the project since – it represents an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour. Omission
自此以来,来自70多个国家的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它代表了一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Shares for 1life Healthcare ,\ the parent company of One Medical, surged moZre than 65% in early trading Thursday {after the announcement}. Omission
本周四,OneMedic的母公司1lifeHealthcare的股价在周四早盘上上涨了65%。
They cannot afford the risk of continued disruption to supply, while they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers," said Lisa Anderson, CEO of suppxy chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
他们无法承受持续供应中断的风险,同时他们希望更好地控制服务客户的能力,"特马咨询集团(LMA Consulting Group)的供应链公司首席执行官莉萨·安德森(Lisa Anderson)表示。fff
energy has been becoming more expensive for several decades already, but what happened in the last year is it became {more volatile}," said Allon. Omission
能源价格已经上涨了几十年,但去年的情况却变得更加不稳定。
"China has been becoming more expensive for several years already, but what happened {just} last year is it became {more volatile}," said Allon. Omission
艾伦说:“中国已经上涨了好几年了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
"China has been becoming more expensive for several years already, but what happened in te last year is it became {more volatile}" said Allon. Omission
艾伦说:“中国已经上涨了好几年了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
number ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a "{map}" of different cells. Omission
在所有20000个人类基因中,一个特定细胞所使用的第一个基因(称为细胞的转录体)可以被分析,从而创建不同细胞的“地图”。
{Which ones out of} all the 20,000 human copies a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a "{map}" of diffyrent cells. Omission
在所有20000个人类复制中,一个特定细胞所使用的哪些是细胞的转录体(英语:transscriptome)(英语:cell's transcriptome)(英语:transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscriptome)(transscript
Which ones out of all the 20,000 human mrna a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – {can then be analysed} to create a "{map}" of different cells. Omission
在所有20000個人類mrna中,一個特定的細胞使用哪些,稱為細胞的轉錄體(英语:transscriptome)(英语:cell's transcriptome)。
Wgich ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can therefore be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
因此,在所有20,000个人类基因中,一个特定细胞所使用的基因(称为细胞的转录体)可以被分析为不同的细胞的“地图”。fff
with video footage that recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as busybodies, but his opinion changed once he was on the inside. Omission
克罗斯曼说,他最初认为这组人很忙,但当他在里面的时候,他的看法发生了变化。
"With those said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
这样的话,中国的规模将难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。fff
"With that said, China(s qcale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
这样说,中国( qcale ) 将难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。fff
"With that saia, {China's} {won't be easy to replicate,} and so the transition will take time and require investment." Omission
因此,这一过渡需要时间和投资。
{With that said,} China's scale won't be eaay to replicate, and sg the transition will take time and require investment. Omission
他说,中国规模不会轻易复制,而转型需要时间和投资。
The first time the team – {co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard} – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice. Omission
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个老鼠的气管细胞的分析。
The first time the team – {co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard} – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea for mice. Omission
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个小鼠的气管细胞的分析。
as first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells& {they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.} Omission
第一次,这个团队 — — 由麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的阿维夫·雷杰夫(Aviv Regev)共同领导 — — 发现了这些细胞。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells& they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in their trachea of mice.
这个团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,由Aviw Regev在麻省理工学院和哈佛的 Broad Institute共同领导,他们正在研究300个细胞在老鼠的气管中。fff
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these data& they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
这个团队第一次遇到了这些数据,由Aviw Regev在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)共同领导,他们正在分析300个小鼠的气管细胞。fff
The first time the team – co- led by Aviv Regev at the Broad nstitute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
第一次团队 — — 由麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的Aviw Regev共同领导 — — 遇到这些细胞,他们正在分析300个老鼠的气管细胞。fff
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York University' s Stern School of Business, {said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.} Omission
纽约大学斯特恩商学院(SternSchoolofBusiness)经济学教授尼古拉斯?
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks arund US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
由于美国众议院议长佩洛西(Nancy Pelosi)可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势在最近几周大幅加剧,台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。fff
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly {in recent weeks} arund US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island. Omission
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大幅升级。 台湾是中国自制民主岛屿,中国一直主张作为其领土的一部分。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, {the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory,} have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island. Omission
近年来,随着美国众议院议长潘基文·佩洛西可能访问台湾的可能,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大升级。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the {democratic} island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy PelosiB's possible visit to the island. Omission
北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张关系,台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分,最近几周,美国众议院议长佩洛西伯可能访问台湾的事件在很大程度上升级。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent decades around US House Speaker Nancy PelosiB's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西伯(Nancy PelosiB)可能访问台湾,中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的台湾是自治民主岛屿,北京和华盛顿之间的紧张关系大大加剧。fff
Tensions between Beijing and shanghai over Taiwan, the {self-governed democratic island} that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island. Omission
最近几周,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾的可能,中国长期主张作为其领土的一部分的台湾上空的北京和上海之间的紧张关系大幅升级。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, {the selfgoverned democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory,} have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy PelosiB's possible visit to the island. Omission
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西伯(Daniel PelosiB)可能访问台湾,中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的台湾问题,北京和华盛顿之间的紧张关系大大加剧。fff
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan the {self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory,} have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy PelosiB's possible visit to the island. Omission
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西伯(Nancy PelosiB)可能访问台湾的可能,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大加剧。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed aps part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy PelosiB's possible visit to the island.
中国长期以来声称台湾是其领土的一部分,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的民主自治岛的紧张关系,在最近几周围绕美国众议院议长佩洛西伯可能访问台湾的事件大幅升级。fff
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, {the sovereign democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory+}, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy PelosiB's possible visit to the island. Omission
近年来,随着美国众议院议长潘基文·佩洛西(Nancy PelosiB)可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大升级。
Although online fashion shows could reach more audiences, the cost might be similar to aI offline one, {Shao explained} Omission
尽管在线时装秀可以吸引更多观众,但成本可能与非线性时装秀相似
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have to take care of their children to old parents at home, so I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民无法成为移徙工人,因为他们必须在家里照顾自己的孩子,所以我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”fff
"Many villagers can't become farm workers, as they have to take care of their children and old parents ht home, therefore I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民不能成为农民工,因为他们必须照顾自己的孩子和老父母,因此我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”fff
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for-broke achievements so far is surely her {killer forehand}, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her to {whipsaw across the net}. Omission
张健在攻势的攻势成就背后还有另一个因素,那就是她的185厘米的框架使她能够横跨网球的鞭锯。
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for-broke achievements sV far is surely her killer forehand, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her to whipsaw across the net.
张健在攻势的攻势成就背后的另一个因素无疑是她的杀手前手,她的185厘米的框架使她能够跨过网球的鞭锯。fff
Complicating things further for Apple is {the fact that} China is its biggest market outside thhe United States . Omission
对于苹果来说,更复杂的是,中国是美国以外最大的市场。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction contractor, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat
中午时分,一名城市建筑承包商蔡家俊乘坐位于工地外的免费空调巴士休息,整个上午都在狂热中工作fff
Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" {in the NFT world}, setting them in different scenes xto look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion. Omission
Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP“Invisible Friends”、“Coolcats”和“Coolman’s Universe”合作,将它们置于不同的场景中,以从时尚的角度看待生态。
Fu Yelin, a 58-year-old resident oj Maoba, {has been making bamboo products since he was 12}. Omission
自12岁起,富叶林(FuYelin)是一位58岁的老乡人,名叫毛巴雄(ojMaoba)。
Apple did not respond to requests for comment for this story, but Cook emphasized Apple's broader manufacturing footprint {in the company's most recent earnings call.} Omission
苹果没有回应关于这一故事的评论要求,但库克强调了苹果的更广泛的制造业足迹。
cook did not object to requests for comment Bor this story, but Cook emphasized Apple's broader manufacturing footprint on the company's most recent earnings call. {for this story} Omission
库克并不反对要求评论,但他强调了苹果在最近的业绩报告中对苹果的更广泛的生产足迹。
In the future\ maybe within 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells – {and you will have to decide how much you} {to delve into it.} Omission
未来,也许在大约10年内,将有一个完整的信息云,包括你身体细胞的分析。
In the future \ maybe within 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells – {and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
未来,大约在10年内,将有一个完整的信息云,包括你身体细胞的分析。
The "Alan" in it is Liu's partner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker who {lived in China since 2000.} Omission
其中“艾伦”是刘翔的合伙人、顾问银行家艾伦·巴宾顿-史密斯(Alan Babington-Smith)。
The "Alan" in question is Liu's partner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker {who has lived in China since 2000} Omission
被问及的“艾伦”是刘翔的合伙人、顾问银行家艾伦·巴宾顿-史密斯(Alan Babington-Smith)
{prototype of the frisbee has evolved} and since the beginning of the 20th centuries it has become a popular sport and pastime. Omission
自20世纪初以来,它已成为一种流行的运动和消遣。
Amazon acquired PillPack, {"online pharmacy"}, in 2018 and later launched its own digital pharHacy in the United States. Omission
Amazon于2018年收购了PillPack(英语:PillPack),并在美国推出自己的数字 pharHacy(英语:FarHacy)。
Amazon acquired PillPack, an onliane pharmacy, in 201t and later launched its own {digital pharmacy in the United States.} Omission
Amazon在201t中收购了Oliane(英语:Oliane)药店PillPack(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(英语:PillPack)(
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, {a place steeped in history and renowned about its ethnic styles and natural scenery,} to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items. Omission
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。 富龙镇历史悠久,以民族风格和自然景观闻名。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily itZms.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。steeped in history
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place {steeped in history} and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends behind people's consumption of daily items. Omission
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town) a place {steeped in history} and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items. Omission
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place {steeped in history} and renowned for its ethnic style and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items. Omission
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, {a place steeped in history and renowned for its local styles and natural scenery,} to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items. Omission
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for is ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。fff
Luckily, {Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her} which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19. Omission
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, {Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her!} which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of his virtual show on June 19. Omission
6月8日拍摄,并于6月19日发布他的虚拟秀。
{Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000[} this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around our world. Omission
这个工作室是汉亚特在中国业务的中心,也是为什么这件经典的裙子在全世界掀起了波浪的原因之一。
Founded by Chu HoHngsheng in 2000, this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations n China agd one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.
这家2000年由中鸿祥创办的工作室是中国花展业务的核心,也是这件经典服装在全球掀起了波浪的原因之一。fff