The movies outlined for Phase 5 and the {glimpse} povided of Phase 6 indicate that Marvel is eager to restore the {epic scope associated with the story that culminated in "Endgame|"} Omission
第五阶段的电影概述和第六阶段的插图表明,漫威渴望重塑与《终局|
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will come to trial insisting on her innocence, {according to a statement released by her public relations team}. Omission
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, {according to a statement released by her public relations team} Omission
沙基拉没有与西班牙检察官就逃税问题达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement {with Spanish prosecutors} on tx evasion charges, and she will {go to trial} insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team. Omission
据她的公共关系团队发表的一份声明,沙基拉未能就“tx逃犯”指控达成协议,她将坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will {go to trial} insisting oj her innocence according to a statement released by her public relations team. Omission
沙基拉未能与西班牙检察官就逃税问题达成协议,她将在公关小组发表的声明中坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will {go to trial} insisting on her innocence according to a statement released by her public relatoions team. Omission
沙基拉未能与西班牙检察官就逃税问题达成协议,她将在公开解释小组发表的声明中坚持自己无罪。
Zhakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, {according to a statement released by her} public relatins team.@ Omission
Zhakira在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Zhakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence," {according to a statement released by her public relations team}.@ Omission
扎基拉没有与西班牙检察官就逃税问题达成协议,她将继续坚持自己无罪,她将被审判。
Shakira has failed to achieve an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges , and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, {according to a statement released by her public relations team}.@ Omission
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino {who has taught me everything I know with acting}," she said at the time. Omission
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)作为我的荣誉。
"When you give me this award, Tyou honor my father, Paul Sorvino {who has taught me everything I know about acting}," she said at the time. Omission
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你应该为我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)表示敬意。
"When you give me this award you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, {who has taught me} Vverything I know {about acting}," she said at the time. Omission
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你应该为我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)表示敬意。
"When you give me this award you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, {who has taught me everything I know} aXout acting," she said at the time. Omission
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你应该为我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)表示敬意。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino[ {who has taught me anything I know about acting}," she remarked at the time. Omission
她当时说:“当你给我这个奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(保罗·索尔维诺)作为我的荣誉。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me anything I know about acting" {said at the time}. Omission
“当你给我这个奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)的荣誉,他教了我关于表演的一切。”
Only she could drop a track titled "America becomes a Problem" and {instead of delivering a message about the state of the country}, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up. Omission
只有她才能放弃一首名为“美国成为一个问题”的歌曲,而她却告诉我们她“不能等不及把它归纳出来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and {instead of delivering a message about the state of the country}, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up Omission
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它背出来”
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state oGf the country, she lzts us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放弃一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,而她却不能传递一个关于美国国家的信息,而是告诉我们她“不能等着再说下去。”fff
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and {instead of delivering a message} about the state of the Ucountry, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up. Omission
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它背出来。
nly she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and {instead of delivering a message about current state of the country}, she lzts us know she "Can't wait to back it up. Omission
只要她把一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲放下来,她就会告诉我们,她“等不及再说下去。”
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and ]"Soy" by Santa Fe Klan {also feature on the album}. Omission
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《No Woman, No Cry》、阿马雷的《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Nigerian arist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan {also feature on the album}. Omission
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Nigerian artist Tems sings {a cover} of Bob Marleys "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album. Omission
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯在专辑中演唱了鲍勃·马利斯的“No Woman, No Cry”,阿马雷的“A Body, A Coffin”和圣菲·克兰的“Soy”。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shalira lived more than 200 days in Spain {with each of those three years}, making her liable to pay taxes in the country. Omission
法官Marco Jesús Juberías(英语:Marco Jesús Juberías)认为沙利拉在西班牙生活了超过200天,这使得她在该国缴纳税款。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more tha 200 days in Spain {in total of those three years}, making her liable to pay taxes in the country. Omission
马可·耶稣·朱贝里亚斯(Marco Jesús Juberías)认为,沙基拉在西班牙共生活了200天,这使她有责任在西班牙缴纳税款。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain {in total of those three years}, making her liable to pay taxes in the country}. Omission
法官Marco Jesús Juberías(英语:Marco Jesús Juberías)认为,沙基拉在西班牙共生活了超过200天,这使她有义务在西班牙缴纳税款。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived mAore than 200 days in Spain {in each} of those tSree years, making her liable to pay taxes in the country. Omission
马可·赫塞斯·朱贝里亚斯(Marco Jesús Juberías)认为沙基拉在西班牙生活超过200天,这使她有责任在西班牙缴纳税款。
"We similar, we not again" Mero said of him and Desus during Hoffa's podcast, {which appears to have been recorded} {before the split}. Omission
梅罗在霍夫的Podcast中谈到他和德苏斯,说:“我们很相似,我们再也没有。
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, michelle Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, {who suffers from alopecia}. Omission
史密斯在谈到他的妻子米歇尔·普兰克特·史密斯的发型,她患有发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's haiDstyle, {who suffers from alopecia}. Omission
史密斯在谈到他的妻子Jada Pinkett Smith的HaiDstyle(英语:HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(HaiDstyle)(Ha
"Well, don't worry, it's going to be a long act," we said, clarifying his comments.
“好吧,别担心,这会很长一段时间,”我们澄清了他的评论。fff
and, don't worry, it's going tS be a long act," he said, clarifying his comments. {act} Omission
不用担心,这不会很长的时间,”他澄清了他的评论。
"Well, don't worry, it's going tS be a long act," he said, clarifying his comments
“好吧,别担心,这会很长的时间,”他说,澄清自己的评论fff
"Well , don't worry, it's going to b a long act," he continued, clarifying his comments.
“好吧, 别担心, 那会很长一段时间的,”他继续澄清自己的评论.fff
With the new film, the Marvel prime Universe {introduces a version} of Jane Foster who first appeared in the comics almost fifty years ago. Omission
《漫威宇宙》的主角简·福斯特(Jane Foster)在近五十年前首次出现在漫画中。
Producers for the syndicated game show have decided to keep former "Big BaYng Theory" star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as "Jeopardy" hosts {for the foreseeable future}, with the pair splitting duties. Omission
該節目的製作人決定將前《Big BaYng Theory》的明星梅伊姆·比亞利克(Mayim Bialik)和冠軍肯·珍寧斯(Ken Jennings)留作「傑帕迪」的主持人,並將兩人分担任務。
beyonce {honors him with one of the greatest lines on the album:} "Uncle Jonny made my drcess," she sings on "Heated. Omission
“乔尼叔叔给我做了公主,”她在歌曲“Heated”中演唱。
There is history behind Mero's seeming loyalty Lto Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be.
梅罗似乎忠诚于洛佩斯的历史可以追溯到该剧出现之前。fff
There is history behind Mero's seeming loyaSlty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show Gcame to be.
梅罗对洛佩斯的LoyaSlty看起来有着悠久的历史,它可以追溯到Gcame的出现之前。fff
There is history behind Mero's seeming loyaSlty to Lopez as dates back to well before the show came to be.
梅罗对洛佩斯的LoyaSlty看起来有历史,它的历史可以追溯到该剧出现之前。fff
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j{" the caption read.
《水手2》即将到来的一切美好事情都抛在舞台上,我的整个阿罗哈!fff
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j,$& the caption read.
AQUAMAN 2 即将来临,我所有的阿罗哈J,$和字幕都读完了。fff
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 on my aloha j," {caption read}. Omission
他在《AQUAMAN 2》上拍下了我的《aloha j》。
busted on set {on set} all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 on my aloha j, the caption read. Omission
我在Aloha j上拍下了AQUAMAN2,上面写着:
busted on set {on set} all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 on my aloha j,|" the caption read. Omission
我在Aloha j上拍了AQUAMAN2,“字幕中写道。
busted on set {on set} all great thins coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j, " the caption read. Omission
《水手2》的字幕中写道:“我的阿罗哈·J全都倒在舞台上。
busted on set {on set} all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my fans j," & the caption read. Omission
《水手2》所有我的影迷J,“&字幕读出来。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all m aloha j,"& original caption read.
《水手2》的全部内容都是“aloha j,”&原标题读出来。fff
busted on set {on set} all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all m aloha j,"& the caption gread. Omission
AQUAMAN 2 All m aloha j,"& caption gread。
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait for see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster's Thor to attention when the film hits theaters this weekend.
杰克·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》在周末上映时,杰克·福斯特(Jane Foster)的影迷们将不得不等待看导演泰卡·怀蒂(Taika Waititi)是如何引起观众注意的。fff
That's not an awful bargain, but if you're waitinh for it to get better, well, don't hold your breath.
那不是件可怕的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,别屏住呼吸。fff
That's not an awful bargin, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, doJn't hold your breath.
那可不是个可怕的家伙,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,别屏住呼吸。fff
That's not an open bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, doJn't hold your breath.
这不是公开的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,不要屏住呼吸。fff
Tha's not an awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, doJn't hold your breath.
这不是一个可怕的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,不要屏住呼吸。fff
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go oun tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {for the coming months, through Spring 2023}. Omission
在贝弗利希尔斯(Beverly Hills)举办后,该餐馆将在2023年春季期间进行巡回演唱会,在纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥巡回演唱。
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago for {two coming} months, starting Spring 2023. Omission
在贝弗利希尔斯举办后,该餐馆将在2023年春季开始巡回演出,在纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥巡回演出两个月。
After ts run in Beverly hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago {for the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
经过在贝弗利山区运行后,这家餐馆将在2023年春天期间进行巡回演出,在纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥巡回演出。
After {run in the Hills}, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago for the coming months, through Spring 2023. Omission
之后,该餐馆将在2023年春天开始巡回演出,在接下来的几个月里将到达纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant ill go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicagp {for the coming months}, through Spring 2023. Omission
在贝弗利希尔斯(Beverly Hills)举办后,该餐馆开始巡演,在2023年春季期间将到达纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif aClso personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some oif the past comedians {featured}, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain. Omission
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif aClso)亲自采访了一些过去喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雨。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also {personalize the presentation} by interviewing the children of some of te past comedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth or Rain. Omission
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了一些过去喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白或雨。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians {featured}, such as Pryor"'s daughters, Elizabeth or Rain. Omission
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白(Elizabeth or Rain)。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some vof the past comedians {featured}, such as Pryor"'s daughters, Elizabeth and Rain. Omission
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩(Elizabeth and Rain)。
If I have a successful album, it just reflects on my success with the group, where I started and where I will always return to," McLean {told CNN en Espaol via Zoom-} Omission
如果我有一张成功专辑,那只是反映了我和乐队的成功,我开始的地方和我永远回到的地方,"麦克林通过Szoom-
If I have a successful album, it only reflects on my success with the group, where I started and where I will always return t," {McLean told CNN en Espaol via Zoom.}; Omission
如果我有一个成功的专辑,它只反映了我和乐队的成功,我在哪里开始,我在哪里永远会回来。
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay for what their parents did, {hence the "original sin" in the show title.} Omission
他们发现自己被一个未知的攻击者折磨着,迫使他们为父母所做的事情付出代价。
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set pn making them pay for wat their parents did, hence the "original sin" in the show title.
青少年发现自己被一个未知的攻击者强迫他们支付他们父母所付出的代价,因此在节目标题中出现了“原始罪恶”。fff
" Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" stars Lupita Nyong'o, Michaela Coel, Martin Freeman, Letitia Wright, Angela Bassett, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba, Tenoch Huerta and Dminique Thorne.
《黑豹:永恒的若冈达》由卢比塔·尼奥、米歇拉·科尔、马丁·弗里曼、莱蒂夏·赖特、安吉拉·巴塞特、达内·古里拉、佛罗伦萨·卡桑巴、特诺奇·胡尔塔和德米尼克·索恩主演。fff
" Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" featuring Lupita Nyong'o, Michaela Coel, Martin Freeman, Letitia dean, Angela Bassett, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba, Tenoch Huerta and Dominique Thorne.
《黑豹:永恒的若安达》(Black Panther: Wakanda Forever)由卢比塔·尼奥、米歇拉·科尔、马丁·弗里曼、莱蒂夏·迪恩、安吉拉·巴塞特、达内·古里拉、佛罗伦萨·卡桑巴、特诺克·胡尔塔和多米尼克·索恩主演。fff
" Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" stars Lupita Nyong'o, Michaela Coel, Martin Freeman, Letitia Wright, Angela Bassett, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba, Tenoch Huerta and DominiFue TDorne.
《黑豹:永恒的若安达》由卢比塔·宁戈、米歇拉·科尔、马丁·弗里曼、莱蒂夏·赖特、安吉拉·巴塞特、达内·古里拉、佛罗伦萨·卡桑巴、特诺奇·胡尔塔和多米尼福·多恩主演。fff
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on "The Godfather of Harlem," {and while he had a multitude of incredible roles, no one portrayed a mob guy like he did.} Omission
索尔维诺在《哈伦神父》(The Godfather of Harlem)中也扮演了匪徒弗兰克·科斯特洛(Frank Costello)。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known angd ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister, sarah.
她稱其叔父喬尼為「我所知最偉大的同性戀人」,並稱他幫助她和她的妹妹莎拉長大。fff
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known angd ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and eer sister, Solange.
她稱其叔父喬尼為「我所知最偉大的同性戀人」,並稱他幫助她和妹妹索蘭奇(Solange)長大。fff
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known angd ever knew" and creited him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange.
她稱其叔父喬尼為「我所認識的最偉大的同性戀人」,並教他幫助她和她的妹妹索蘭奇(Solange)長大。fff
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man Ive ever known angd ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange.
她稱其叔父喬尼為「我所知最偉大的同性戀人」,並稱他幫助她和她的妹妹索蘭奇(Solange)長大。fff
"Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture, to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone {unrecognized} fos far too long," Bey said. Omission
贝说:“感谢所有创始文化的人,感谢所有堕落的天使,他们的贡献已经太久了。
"Light & Magic" documents how the impossible becme feasible, but to Kasdan's credit, its efforts tDo shed light on {the magic} doesn't stop there_ Omission
“光与魔法”记录了不可能的事情是如何可行的,但卡斯丹的功劳在于,它的努力并没有停止。
Freedia has lent her signature voice, dSeep and vibrant, ron {several mainstream tracks}, including Drake's "Nice for What," and, of course, Beyoncé's "Formation. Omission
弗里迪亚借用了她独有的嗓音,dSeep和充满活力的歌曲,包括德雷克的"Nice for What"和碧昂丝的"Formation。
Before he even get into the actual music, the singer {had something to say} about it leaking days before its scheduled release. Omission
在他甚至进入实际音乐之前,thRe歌手有关于它泄漏的计划发布前几天。
"Black Panther" sar Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 after a battle with colon cancer {that he kept private}.
查德威克·博斯曼(Sard Chadwick Boseman)于2020年8月因患结肠癌而逝世。
Black Panther" star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 after a battle witCh colon cancer {that he kept private}, Omission
黑豹星查德威克·博斯曼在2020年8月因患结肠癌而逝世。
Black Panther" star Chadwick jones died in August 2020 after a battle with colon cancer {that he kept private}.{ Omission
查德威克·乔恩斯(ChadwickJones)于2020年8月因患结肠癌而去世。
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, bmt his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way.
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果创造出让人想去电影的魔法,”他的朋友史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果成为故事时,我们迷路了。fff
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds tme cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way;
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果创造出让人想去电影的魔法,但是他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果成为故事时,我们迷路了;fff
"Visual effects create the magic that mahes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way;
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果创造出人们想去看电影的魔力,但是他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果成为故事时,我们迷路了;fff
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to {his movies}," Lucas says, though his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the tory, we've lost our way. Omission
卢卡斯说,虽然他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充了警告,“当效果成为戏曲时,我们迷路了。
Harris ' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving Jim alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile.
当他的长期搭档科林宣布他将离开时,哈里斯惊讶不已,让吉姆轮流地怀疑出了什么事,渴望和解。fff
Harris' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving him alternately wondering what went sour although eager to reconcile.
哈里斯的迈克尔被他长期的搭档科林告知他将离开,他不得不轮流思考,尽管他渴望和解。fff
Harris ' Michael i stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving him alternatelgy wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile.
当他的长期搭档科林宣布他即将离开时,哈里斯(Michael)惊讶不已,让他的副官们怀疑出了什么事,急于和解。fff
Harris ' Michael i stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving him alternately wonderiyng what went wrong and eager to reconcile.
当他的长期搭档科林宣布他即将离开时,哈里斯的迈克尔惊讶不已,他又不停地怀疑出了什么事,又急于和解。fff
Harris ' Michael i stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out~, leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile.
当他的长期搭档科林宣布他将搬出去时,迈克尔惊讶不已,他又不停地怀疑出了什么事,又急于和解。fff
So soft that he burst into tears {when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him+}. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)将1996年最佳女演员奥斯卡金像奖(Academy Award)以她在《女英雄》中的角色献给了他。
So soft that he burst into tears {when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite?" to him}. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)将1996年最佳女演员奖(英语:1996 Best supporting actress Academy Award)以她在《Mighty Aphrodite?
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her third best supporting actress Academy Award {for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite";} to him. Omission
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)将她第三个最佳女演员奖(Academy Award)献给了他。
Whether struggling to survive or exhibiting her workaholic side in the flashbacks? {Barrera holds up her end of the bargain, but the writing simply} doesn!t. Omission
无论是挣扎着生存还是在回忆中展示自己的工作狂的一面?
In April, he tweeted a screVenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he {often} "feels like he's either flying or drowning. Omission
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写过的iPhone笔记,上面写道,“感觉就像他正在飞行或溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note {he'd written} that said he often "feels like he's either drowning or drowning. Omission
4月,他在Twitter上发布了一张iPhone Note,上面写道他经常“感觉自己正在溺水或正在溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he{s} either drowning or drowning. Omission
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写过的iPhone笔记,上面写道他经常“感觉自己正在溺水或正在溺水。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl." {in which she gives us sample of her ability to spit a little bit.} Omission
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了演唱“Cozy”和“Church Girl”(教堂女孩)之类的歌曲。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go {beyond just singing} with songs like "Cozy" and baby Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit even little bit. Omission
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了歌唱歌曲如"Cozy"和"Baby Girl"外,她还给我们一个小小的吐痰能力的样本。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go {beyond just singing} with songs lik "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she provides us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit. Omission
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了歌曲“Cozy”和“Church Girl”外,她给我们提供了她一点点吐痰的能力的样本。
Beyoncé {her ability to {go beyond} just singing} with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she provides us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit. Omission
碧昂丝·塞姆(Beyoncé ceme) 她在歌曲《Cozy》(Cozy)和《Church Girl(Church Girl)》中除了唱歌外,还表现出她能够吐出一点唾液的能力。
Beyoncé cements her ability to {go beyond} just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability in perform a little bit. Omission
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,不仅与“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌手一起唱歌,她给我们的表演能力的样本。
Beyoncé cements her ability to {go beyond} just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability in perform a little bizt.Omission
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了演唱“Cozy”和“Church Girl”之类的歌曲,在这些歌曲中,她给我们展示了她的表演能力。
Beyoncé cements her ability to {go beyond} just singing with songs like Cozy" and "Church Girl" in which she gives us a sample of her ability to perform a little bit. Omission
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了歌曲《Cozy》和《Church Girl》外,她给我们的表演能力的样本。
This Kid Msro dude, {man he's funny as f***,'}" Mero recalled all those early years in the clip. Omission
」 梅羅回忆了影片中所有的早期年份。
{This Kid Mero dude, man he's funny as f**#,'}" Mero recalled of those early years in th clip. Omission
」 梅洛回忆起那段录影带的早期年份。
Thik Kid Mero dude, man he's funny as f***,'" Mero recalled of those early years in th clip.
迪克·基德·梅罗,伙计,他像f一样有趣,"梅罗回忆了那段录影带的早期时光。fff
This Kid kero dude, {man he's funny as f,'}" Mero recalled of those four years in the clip. Omission
梅罗回忆了那段录影带中的四年。
Rock has made subtle nods to the slap Cin comedy shows in the months since, but he has not publicly addressed it {at length} Omission
自那以后几个月里,洛克就巧妙地点了点头,但是他没有公开谈论过这个问题
CNN has reached out toward the prosecutor's office {for comment}, but there has been no response yet. Omission
CNN已经接触了检察官办公室,但是还没有回应。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter {for their witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast~, "Desus vs. Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以《Complex podcast~》(Desus vs.Desus vs.Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter {for their witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter {for their witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs. Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter {for their witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs. Omission
2013年12月,BefoSe与ComplexPodcast“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter {for their witty tweets}, before working together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs. Omission
两人在2013年12月与专业合作,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to {offer their takes on pop culture} with the Complex podcast%, "Desus vs. Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以《Complex podcast》提供他们对流行文化的看法,“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets?, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to {offer their takes on pop culture} with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs. Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to {offer their takes on pop culture} with the Complex podcast, &Desus vs. Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以《Complex podcast》、&Desus vs.(英语:&Desus vs.)提供他们对流行文化的看法。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to {offer their takes on pop culture} with the Complex podcast, #Desus vs. Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以《Complex podcast》(#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs.#Desus vs
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter {for their witty tweets}, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.[ Omission
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.[”的“Complex podcast”为平台,展示他们对流行文化的看法。
In U ruling obtained by CNN, the investigating magistrate said that there is "sufficient evidence" to hold a trial for Shakira's alleged tax evasion for the years of 2012, 2013 and 2014.
在CNN的裁决中,调查法官说,有“足够的证据”来对2012年、2013年和2014年沙基拉涉嫌逃税的审判。fff
I'm a passionate dog mom {myself}-, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this. Omission
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom {myself}, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this. Omission
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
Im a passionate dog mom {myself}, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, aHd what inspired you to get involved with a company like this$ Omission
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么激励你加入这样的公司呢?
I'm a passionate {dog mom} myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, aHd what inspired you to get involved with a company like this$ Omission
我是一位热情的店主妈妈,所以我想问一下你作为一名狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你去参加这样的公司?
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as b dog dad, and what inspired you {then} get involved with a company like this$ Omission
我本人是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问你一些关于你作为狗爸爸的旅程,然后是什么启发你参与这样的公司