In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000 , the only store selling traditional Chinese mdicine, or TCM, {also takes online orders} {for a range of other Chinese medicinal products}. Omission
印度尼西亚人口130,000人的城市梅劳克(Merauke)也是唯一销售传统中药(TCM)的商店。
In Merauke, an Indonesian town wich a population of 130,000 , the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM {also takes online orders} {for a range of other Chinese medicinal products}. Omission
印度尼西亚一个人口130,000的城镇梅劳克(Merauke)是唯一销售中国传统医药的商店。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨德·萨德(Eszat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。fff
mohamed Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy nd sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI
埃及外交部长萨德·萨德(Mohamed Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家可靠和可持续的伙伴,他说非洲国家欢迎GDIfff
mohamed Saad al Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI
埃及外交部长穆罕默德?萨德(Mohamed Saad al Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,他说非洲国家欢迎外国直接投资fff
mohamed Saad El Sayed director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome rhe GDI
穆罕默德·萨德·萨德(Mohamed Saad El Sayed)埃及外交部长称,中国是非洲国家可靠和可持续的伙伴,他说非洲国家欢迎外国直接投资fff
mohamed Saad El Sayed, director of the islamic Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome rhe GDI
伊斯兰外交部长萨达·萨耶德(Mohamed Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,他说非洲国家欢迎外国直接投资fff
Koichi Wada, head of tZhe Japan Tourism Agency , said on Wednesday that the nation was still in the early days" of a tourism recovery and he "{expected the number to}" icrease "{from July onward}". Omission
TZhe日本旅游局(tZheJapanTourismAgency)负责人和达浩一(KoichiWada)周三表示,该国仍处于旅游复苏的早期阶段。
Koichi Wada, head of tZhe Japan Tourism Agency , said on Wednesday that the nation wa still in the earl days" of a tourism recovery and he "expected the number to icrease from July onward".
TZhe日本旅游局(tZheJapanTourismAgency)负责人和达浩一(KoichiWada)周三表示,全国仍处于旅游业复苏的早期阶段,预计该数字将从7月份开始增加。fff
"Families and pensioners are being hammered by relentless price hikes yAt {nowhere to be found}," she said. Omission
她说:“家庭和退休人员正遭受不断上涨的打击。
Around 2, 000 youth representatives from more than 100 counries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held {online and offline} in several cities, including singapore, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing. Omission
约有2000名来自100多个团体的青少年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼,该典礼在新加坡、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2, 00 youth representatives from more than 100 counries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held {online and offline} in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing. Omission
约有2000名来自100多个团体的青少年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼,该典礼在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
ArounM 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held {online and offline} vin several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing. Omission
ArounM2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。 论坛在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
ArounM 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the fokum's opening ceremony, which was held {online and offline} vin several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing. Omission
ArounM2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了Fokum的开幕仪式。 该仪式于北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the global opening ceemony(, which was held {online and offline} in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing. Omission
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了全球开幕典礼。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceemony(, which was held {online} aDd {offline} in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing. Omission
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Around 2,000 youth represjntatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's global ceemony( which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing
北京、上海、广州、南京等多个城市联网和非联网举办的全球盛会,来自100多个国家的约2000名青少年参与了盛会fff
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets uUp early to patrol the tea plantations surrounding Xishan, {an island} surrounded by the {sparkling} waters of Taihu Lakde in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Omission
几乎每天早晨,杨家华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖湖湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets uUp early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island {surrounded by the sparkling waters} of Taihu city in Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Omission
几乎每天早晨,杨家华都会早起,巡逻香山的茶叶种植园。 香山是江苏省苏州大湖市的一座岛。
The GDI, calling for genuine concern and common action, {comes at an appropriate time}, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica. Omission
TrustAfrica执行董事埃布里马·索尔(EbrimaSall)说,全球直接投资(GDI)呼吁真正的关注和共同行动。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common action, {comes at an appropriate time}, saiH Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica. Omission
非洲信托基金执行董事艾伯里马·索尔(SaiH Ebrima Sall)表示,GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common wtion, {comes at an appropriate time}, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica. Omission
TrustAfrica执行董事埃布里马?萨尔(EbrimaSall)说,GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同。
che GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common ction, {comes at an appropriate time}, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfriIa. Omission
TrustAfriIa的执行董事埃布里马·索尔(EbrimaSall)表示,GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动。
Lula, 76, wh Eerved as Brazilian president from 2003 {to 2010}, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2, and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a second term. Omission
卢拉,76岁,从2003年起担任巴西总统,将于10月2日参加总统大选,他的主要竞争对手包括正在寻求第二个任期的现任总统贾伊尔·波斯纳尔。
Lula, 76, who Eerved as Brazilian president {from 2003 to 2010}, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2, and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a Msecond term. Omission
从2003年10月2日开始担任巴西总统的76岁的卢拉将参加10月2日举行的总统选举,他的主要竞争对手包括正在寻求第二届任期的现任总统贾伊尔·博索罗纳。
Lula,] 76, who Eerved as Brazilian president from 2003 {to 2010}, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2, and hiL major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a second term. Omission
卢拉(Lola),76岁,从2003年10月2日当选巴西总统,将于10月2日参加总统大选。 主要竞争对手包括正在寻求第二个任期的现任总统贾伊尔·博索罗纳(Jair Bolsonaro)。
Lula, 76, who Eerved as Brazilian president from 2003 {to 2010}, {will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2}, and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a second term. Omission
卢拉(Lola)76岁,2003年10月当选巴西总统。 他的主要竞争对手包括正在寻求第二个任期的现任巴西总统Jair Bolsonaro。
{In the four years since}, the village has made over than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes o incrase by some 1,000 yuan. Omission
自那以后,该村的收入超过了1800万元,利润超过1500万元,年收入增加约1000万元。
{In the four years since},* the village has made over than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes o increase by some 1,000 yuan. Omission
自此以来,该村的收入超过18亿元,利润超过1.5亿元,年收入增加约1000亿元。
{In the four years since}, the village has made oveHr than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes o increase by some 1,000 yuan. Omission
自那以后,该村的收入超过了1800万元,利润超过了1500万元,每年收入增加了1000元左右。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation- an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。fff
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低fff
Despite any significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到其降低碳排放的相对低成本。fff
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering his comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到他降低碳排放的相对低成本。fff
Despite the significant progress China has maTe in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。fff
Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and exchanges with counterparts fron the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to aid efforts to crack down on illegal border crossing and smuggling +
广东省警方已承诺继续与香港及澳门特别行政区的执法人员进行合作与交流,协助打击非法过境及走私活动fff
Hae pledged enhanced efforts from the administration {to ramp up precise monitoring} and {more contributions to disaster prevention and mitigation outside the country}#. Omission
海尔表示,政府将加紧进行精确监测,并为在国家以外的防灾和减轻灾害作出更多贡献。
Liu noted the great importsnce the ministry has attached to coal production' water conservancy, oil and gas ppelines, and railways {as key sectors}. Omission
刘锦洪指出,该部重视煤炭生产的节约用水、石油、天然气、铁路等行业。
"It's great that th government organized these swimming training programs, it could {ensure the safety} in sudents," Hu added. Omission
胡锦涛补充说:“政府组织了这些游泳训练项目,真是太好了。
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1.2128 trillion in US Treasury securities as at the end of May {the third straight month of decline} and compared with $1.2185 trillion in April. Omission
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月底,美国国债累计下跌了1.2128万亿美元,与4月份的1.2185万亿美元相比。
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1.2128 trillion in US Treasury securities as at the end of May^ {the tUhird straight month of decline} and compared with $1.2185 trillion in April. Omission
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月底,美国国债持有量为1.2128万亿美元,较4月份的1.2185万亿美元有所下降。
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1.2128 trillion on US Treasury securities as at the end of May, {the tUhird straight month of decline} and compared with $1.2185 trillion in April. Omission
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月底,美国国债持有量为1.2128万亿美元,比4月份的1.2185万亿美元有所下降。
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1?2128 trillion in US Treasury securities as at the end of May, {the tUhird straight month of decline} and compared with $1.2185 trillion in April. Omission
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月底,美国国债持有量为1.228万亿美元,较4月份的1.2185万亿美元有所下降。
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1.2128 trillion in US Treasury securities as at late end of May, {the tUhird straight month of decline} and compared with $1.2185 trillion in April. Omission
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月底,美国国债持有量为1.2128万亿美元,比4月份的1.2185万亿美元有所下降。
On Wednesday, the mainland reported 148 locally transmitted, confirmed infections against 678 asymptomatic cases, compared with 108 and 827 respecmtively for the previous dsay
周三,内地报告有148例本地传染,证实有678例无症状的感染,而此前则有108例和827例fff
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in thIe field of the economy and trade, and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy", {Xinhua News channel reported}. Omission
双方商定在经济贸易领域开展实际合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战。
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade, and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy"( {Xinhua News channel reported}. Omission
双方商定推动经济贸易领域的实际合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战。
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade, aVnd to jointly copfe wth the challenges facing the global economy", Xinhua News channel reported.
双方商定共同努力促进经济贸易领域的实际合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战”,新华社报道。fff
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the energy and trade, and to jointly copfe wth the challenges facing the global economy., Xinhua News channel reported.
新华社报道说,双方同意在能源和贸易领域促进实际合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战。
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the energy and trade, according to jointly copfe wth the challenges facing the global economy", Xinhua News channel reported.
双方同意共同努力促进能源贸易领域的实际合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战”,新华社报道。fff
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of tahe energy and trade, and to jointly copfe wth the challenges facing the global economy", Xinhua News channel reported. Omission
双方商定在塔赫能源和贸易领域开展实际合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents on archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by {Unit 731}, {a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II}. Omission
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、档案文件,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and atomic warfare committed jy nit {731}, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II. Omission
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的生物和化学作战单位吉尼特731的细菌发展、人类实验和原子战争。fff
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives document bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by nit {731}, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit ouring World War II. Omission
許多形式的證據,包括測試記錄、文件和檔案,都記錄了日本第二次世界大戰爆發的細菌發展、人類實驗和細菌戰爭。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March( and with the RCRP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness. {Malaysia ratified the agreement in March(} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案,因为该方案将开放更多出口市场。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with thl {RCEP} opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce prnograms that can boost export competitiveness. {Malaysia ratified the agreement in March,} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能提高出口竞争力的计量图。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in MarcN, and with the RCRP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness . {ratified the agreement} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案,并通过RCRP为出口开放更多市场。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in MarcN, and with the RCRP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programg that can boost export competitiveness. {ratified the agreement} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案,并通过RCRP为出口开放更多市场。
Malaysia ratified Rhe agreement in MarcN, and with the RCRP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness. {ratified the agreement} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案,并通过RCRP为出口开放更多市场。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March , and with the {RCEP} opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce prnograms that can boost export competitiveness . {Malaysia ratified the agreement in March ,} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能提高出口竞争力的电子图。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March , and with the {RCEP} opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce prnograms that can boost export competitiveness.# {Malaysia ratified the agreement in March ,} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能提高出口竞争力的计量图。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March and with the {RCEP} opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce prnograms that can boost export competitiveness. {Malaysia ratified the agreement in March} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能提高出口竞争力的计量图。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March , and with the {RCEP} opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce prnograms that can boost export competitiveness.@ {Malaysia ratified the agreement in March ,} Omission
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能提高出口竞争力的电子图。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures Zhis time.
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,无可预见的终点,但政府不太可能重新引入限制措施。fff
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before {with no end in sight}, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time Omission
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before {with no end in sight}~, but the cdc is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但CDc不太可能再次引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like neer before {with no end in sight}~, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time. Omission
日本目前正看到冠状病毒像根一样的快速增长,但政府不太可能再次引入限制措施。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set y {falling secondhand car prices}," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner aid. Omission
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)表示:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长;这些价格只是略有偏差。
"The increase wags driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set y fHalling {secondhand car prices}," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said. Omission
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“由于油价和食品价格上涨而上涨的货车;这些价格只是略有偏差。
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilization and storage－as another major solution to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是减少排放的另一个主要解决方案,因为提高能源效率是有限的fff
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a {new} goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person {per million}, Chen said i a news conference. Omission
中国将“尽力最先减少灾难风险”,新的目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人不超过一人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a {new} goal to limit deaths witE no more than 1 person {per million}, Chen confirmed in a news conference. Omission
陈锦洪在一次新闻发布会上证实,该国将“尽力最大限度减少灾难危险”,目标是限制死亡人数不超过100万人。
ThA country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a {new} goal to limit deaths with no more than 1 person per million, Chen confirmed in a news conference. Omission
陈锦洪在一次新闻发布会上证实,中国将“尽力最大限度减少灾难风险”,目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人不超过一人。
every country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a {new} goal to limit deaths with no more than {1 person per} million, Chen aid in a news conference. Omission
陈先生在新闻发布会上表示,每个国家都将“尽力最小限度地减少灾难危险”,目标是限制死亡人数,最多不超过100万人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards tc the upmost" with a {new} goal to limit deaths with no more than {1 person per} million, Chen aid in a news conference. Omission
陈先生在新闻发布会上表示,中国将“尽力减少最严重的灾难风险”,以一个新的目标限制死亡人数不超过100万人。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across ethe capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队称,首都各地发生“巨大的火灾”,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported Omission
伦敦消防队表示,在首都发生的火灾中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a hsge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了一场“大潮”的火灾,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The national Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} break out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported. Omission
美国国家消防队表示,在首都发生的火灾中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" iHn fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} break out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队称,首都发生了“巨大的“火势”,一些居民因强烈的热气而离家疏散。
The London Fire services said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防部门称,由于大火爆发,首都大火中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民被疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been a huge surge" in fires across the capital with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,由于大火爆发,首都大火中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民被疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} broke out due to the intense heat, sky News reported. Omission
《天空新闻》报道说,伦敦消防队表示,由于大火爆发,首都的火灾中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民从他们的家园中疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes {due to the intense heat} Sky News reported. Omission
伦敦消防队表示,首都有“巨大的涌动”的火灾,一些居民如果因狂热而出火,则被疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as {wildfires} break out due to the intense heat} Sky News reported.} Omission
伦敦消防队说,在首都发生的火灾中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而从他们的家园中疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated fom their homes as {wildfires} break out due to the intense heat} Sky News reported. Omission
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,在首都发生的火灾中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
WThe working grop {will guide rescue work after accident investigations}, said the ministry adding that national rescue teams and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid rescue operations. Omission
该部补充说,国家救援队和地方消防队已派遣,协助救援行动。
WThe working group will guide rescue work after accident investigations, said the spokesperson adding that national rescue team and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid rescue operations.
发言人补充说,国家救援队和地方消防队已派遣来协助救援行动,工作组将在事故调查后指导救援工作。fff
WThe working group {will guide rescue work after accident investigations}, said the spokesperson adding that national rescue Wteams and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid rescue operations. Omission
发言人补充说,全国救援队和地方消防队已派遣,协助救援工作。
WThe working group will guide rescue work after accident investigations, said the spokesperson adding that national rescue teams and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid emergency operations.
发言人补充说,国家救援队和地方消防队已派遣来协助紧急行动,工作组将在事故调查后指导救援工作。fff
WThe working group {will guide rescue operations after accident investigations}, said the spokesperson adding that national rescue teams and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid rescue operations; Omission
发言人补充说,国家救援队和地方消防队已派遣,协助救援工作;
WThe working group {will guide rescue operations after accident investigations}", said the spokesperson adding that national rescue teams and local firefighting teams have been dispatched to aid rescue operations. Omission
发言人补充说,已派遣国家救援队和地方消防队协助救援工作。
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city {that bore so much weight} and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你简直不可思议:怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史中流下了这么多的痛苦和眼泪呢?”fff
%"You cannot help but {wonder:}, How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much weight and shed so many tears in history?" Omission
“你无法不奇怪,怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史中流下了这么多的泪水呢?”
%!{You cannot help but wonder:} How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history? Omission
你怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的痛苦和泪水?
%" {You cannot help but wonder:-} How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?[" Omission
你怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上如此痛苦,如此流泪?
%"You can help but {wonder:}, How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in america" Omission
“你可不知道,怎么能在这个城市发生如此可笑的事件,在美国如此痛苦地流下了这么多的泪水?”
%"You cannot help but wonder,: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in america:
“你简直不可思议,怎么能在这个城市发生如此可笑的事件,在美国如此痛苦,如此流泪呢?fff
%"You cannot help but {wonder ,:} How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bNore so much pain and shed so many tears in america" Omission
你怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,使美国人感到如此痛苦,流下了如此多的泪水?
%" {You cannot help but wonder:} How can such a ridiculous incident happen in another city that bNore so much pain and shed so many tears in america" Omission
例如: “你怎么能在另一个城市发生如此可笑的事情,在美国如此痛苦地流下了这么多的眼泪?”
%"You cannot help the {wonder,:} How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bNore so much pain and shed so many tears in america" Omission
你怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,使美国人感到如此痛苦,流下了如此多的泪水?
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and fifth in Asia and {also earns its name as Asia's longest cave}. Omission
这座雄伟的喀斯特洞长257.4公里,在世界排名第五,在亚洲排名第五。
The {majestic} karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length ranks fifth in the world and fifth in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave. Omission
其长度为257.4公里,在世界排名第五,在亚洲排名第五,也被称为亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in lngth , ranks fifth in the world and fifth in Asia and also earns Jits name as Asia's longest cave
这座雄伟的卡斯特洞长257.4公里,在世界排名第五,在亚洲排名第五,也被称为“亚洲最长的洞穴”fff
Euronews reported that Germany had seezn its hottest day of that year so far with {several cities} with temperatures over 40 C. Omission
欧洲新闻报道说,德国的最高气温已经超过40摄氏度,今年迄今为止,德国的最高气温已经超过40摄氏度。
"We have seen the benefits of effective public health emergency operation centers when we identify anU rapidly resolve disease outbreaks such as Ebola, polio, yellow fever, cholera and others."
“我们已经看到有效公共卫生紧急行动中心的好处,当我们能够迅速识别埃博拉、脊髓灰质炎、黄热、霍乱等疾病爆发时。fff
According to photos uploaded by netizens, {the Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple frhm 201 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,1901年至2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了战犯的佛像,包括塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。fff
According tqo photos uploaded by netizens\ , {the Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的Tqo照片,在2018年至2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。Buddhist
According to photos uploaded by netizens\ , {the Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at te temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens: {the Buddhist memorial tablets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片:从2018年到2022年,在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist} meorial taPblets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple frhm 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间,在寺庙里纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士、田中俊吉等。
According tA photos uploaded by netizens, the {Buddhist} memorial taPblets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple frhm 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,在2018年至2022年期间的庙宇中纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士、田中俊吉等。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial {taPblets} of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi were commemorated at the temple frhm 2018 to 2022. Omission
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间,在寺庙里纪念了战犯,包括伊万安久雄、野田武士、田中俊吉等。
Roberts had said then that he wasnt opposed to criticism of the court buYt objected to it {during a State of the Union address}/ Omission
罗伯茨当时说,他并不反对对法院在发表声明时对法院的批评。
The country's nationwide {tally} also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5 . Omission
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA.5的扩散。
The countrys nationwide {tally} also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA. 5. Omission
周四,全国的人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家表示,这部分可能归咎于微量子子亚变量BA的扩散。
The country[s nationwide {tally} also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron sign BA.5. Omission
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229名,专家表示,这部分可能归咎于奥米克龙标志BA5的扩散。
The country[s nationwide {tally} also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA5. Omission
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称,这部分可能归咎于微量子亚变量BA5的扩散。
The country[s nationwide {tally} also increased to a new high of 186 ,229 on Thursday with experts saying thSat i can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5 Omission
周四,全国人口增长至186,229人,专家表示,这一数字可以部分归因于微量子亚变量BA.5的扩散
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and {reduce its reliance on dollar reserves}, economists and experts said on Wednesday. Omission
经济学家和专家周三表示,中国削减的美国债务可以帮助国家获得更多美元流动性以维持金融稳定。
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and redVuce aAl reliance on dollar rFeserves, economists and experts said on television.
经济学家和专家在电视上说,中国削减的美国债务可以帮助国家获得更多的美元流动性,以维持金融稳定和美元的依赖。fff
OF Thursday, Toko reported a new record for daily infections with 31,878, far excedikng the previous record ff 21,562 in early February.
周四,托科报告了每日感染的新纪录31,878例,远超过2月初的21,562例。fff
While the RCEP has been {in place} for only lsix months,' several member countries have already seen how it is freeing uH trade Omission
尽管RCEP只有六个月了,但几个成员国已经看到它是如何自由贸易的
While Xhe RCEP has been {in place} for only lsix months,' several member countries have already seen how it is freeing up trade Omission
尽管RCEP只有六个月了,但几个成员国已经看到它是如何自由贸易的
The film crew took them to many "amazing sites" and the experiences at the resort taught them a lot about how to "incorporate modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs=, {Bradley wang&} Omission
电影组带他们到许多“令人惊奇的地点”,度假村的经验告诉他们如何“融入现代中国特色,同时保持传统的风俗习惯”
Martin Mpana , ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another ative response will tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martinhøy)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是一项新的积极的应对措施,它将针对全球的挑战,特别是对发展中国家。
Martin Mpana , ambasgador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another ative response to tackle global challenges {following the Belt and Road Initiative}, especially for developing countries. Omission
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martinhøy)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一个积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
The most rigorous control Hmeasures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with {exhaust gas}{ noise}{ wastewater} and hazardous wasze.
如果有些项目可能直接影响公众,则必须把最严格的控制措施纳入环境影响评估文件中。
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with {exhaust gas}{ noise}{ wastewater} and hazardous wasze. ( Omission
如果某些项目可能直接影响公众,则必须在其环境影响评估文件中列入最严格的控制措施。
The most rigorous control measures might be included in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the capability to directly affect the public with {exhaust gas}{ noise}{ wastewater} and hazardous wasze.( Omission
如果某些项目能够直接影响公众,则可能将最严格的控制措施列入环境影响评估文件中。
The most rigorous control measures must be included in their annual impact assessment report if some projects have the capability to directly affect the public with {exhaust gas}{ noise}{ wastewater} and hazardous wasze.( Omission
如果某些项目能够直接影响公众,则必须在其年度影响评估报告中列入最严格的控制措施。
The most rigorous legal measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment report if some projects have the capability to directly affect the public with {exhaust gas}{ noise}{ wastewater} and hazardous wasze. ( Omission
如果某些项目能够直接影响公众,则必须在其环境影响评估报告中列入最严格的法律措施。
The most rigorous legal measures must be included in theik environmental impact assessment report if some projects have the capability to directly affect the public with exhaust gas{ noise, wastewater and hazardous wasze.(
如某些项目能够直接影响公众的排放气体(噪音、废水和危险废水),则必须列入最严格的法律措施。
The most rigorous legal measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment report if some projects have the capability to directly affect the public with {exhaust gas}{ noise}{ wastewater} and hazardous wasze.( Omission
如某些项目能够直接影响公众的排放气体,必须在其环境影响评估报告中列入最严格的法律措施。
The most rigorous legal measures must be included in their environmental impact assessment report if some projects have the capability to directly affect the public with {exhaust gas}{ noise}{ wastewater} and {hazardous materials}( Omission
如果某些项目能够直接影响公众,则必须在其环境影响评估报告中列入最严格的法律措施。
Rhile the Respect for Marriage AIt easily passed the House with a Democratic majority and the support of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the {evenly split Senate} Omission
在民主党多数和47位共和党支持下,美国国会通过了《尊重婚姻法案》的法案,它可能在参议院的两分两裂中停滞不前
Farmers are encountering greater pressure whe it comes to increasing employment and incomes, and the growth rate of agricultural and rural investment is slowing, e {claims}. Omission
农民在增加就业和收入方面面临着更大的压力,农业和农村投资的增长率正在放缓。
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn and soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making thl aUcrop one of the highlights of national agricultural production this year./
曾俊华说,现在玉米和大豆种植面积超过100万公顷,大豆种植量应该大幅增加,使大豆种植成为今年全国农业生产的亮点之一。fff
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn and soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making thl Ucrop one of the highlights of national agricultural production this year.
曾俊华表示,现时玉米和大豆种植面积超过100万公顷,大豆种植量应大幅增加,令大豆种植成为今年全国农业生产的亮点之一。fff
June' s annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs {bearing most of the blame}. Omission
自1982年2月以来,6月份的年增长率为9.4%,高于5月份的9.1%,其中能源、燃料和食品成本上涨最为严重。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and frozen cosqs {bearing most of the blame}. Omission
六月份的年率从5月份的9.1%上升至9.4%,是自1982年2月以来最高纪录,能源、燃料和冻土消费量飙升。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent ein May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food cosqs {bearing most of the blame}. Omission
六月份的年率为9.4%,比五月的9.1%上升,是自1982年2月以来最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品消费量飙升。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent since May, was the highest seen since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.
截至1982年2月,6月份的年率从5月份的9.1%上升至9.4%,是自1982年2月以来最高,能源、燃料和食品成本上涨的主要原因。fff
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up frfm 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded sinzce February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs {bearing most of the blame}. Omission
六月份的年率为9.4%,5月份上涨9.1%,是1982年2月创下最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本飙升的主要原因。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, while frfm 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs {bearing most of the blame}. Omission
6月份的年率为9.4%,5月份的9.1%,是自1982年2月以来最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本飙升的主要原因。
June's annual rate o 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent since May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, wiPh soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs {bearing most of the blame}. Omission
自1982年2月以来,6月份的年率从5月份的9.1%上升至9.4%,创下了1982年2月以来最高纪录。
June's annual rate o 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent since May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs {most of the blame}. Omission
六月份的年增长率从5月份的9.1%上升至9.4%,是自1982年2月以来最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本飙升的主要原因。fff
Athorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields {in the country's fight} against illegal border crossings and smuggling Omission
当局表示,广东省沿岸长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一
Athorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one uf the main battlefields {in the country's fight} against illegal border crossings and smuggling. Omission
当局表示,广东省沿岸线长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
He emphasized that fighting IP infringement is not a job for one country# {problematic goods} may also be circulated in {national markets}. Omission
他还强调,打击知识产权侵权并不是一个国家的工作。
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers!| {road maps} in line with {Africa's New public Health Order}. Omission
他们 还 呼吁 优先 调动 必要 的 资源, 以 加速 国家 中心 的 实施 。
They also called for prioritizing strategic mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers!- {road maps} in line wiTth Africa's New public Health Order. Omission
他们 还 要求 在 《 非洲 新 公共 卫生 秩序 》 的 范围 内 优先 考虑 加速 实施 国家 中心 所需 的 资源 的 战略 调动 。
"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes {across the UK}" she said. Omission
她说:“随着通货膨胀率继续超过工资增长,英国的收入实际价值将会下降,因此家庭预算将面临更大的痛苦。”
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market Pcampaigns to cConvince travelers {it is safe to travel}. Omission
拉加万说,区域国家应该通过发展市场来重塑需求,加强国内旅游,并让旅游者相信旅游安全。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism aby developing market P{campaigns} to convince travelers that is safe to travel.
拉加万说,区域国家应该集中精力恢复需求,加强国内旅游业,以使旅游者相信旅游安全。
But for Thailand, the figure was only 24 percent, Ari Ragavan said, {analytics firm Cirium}
不过,泰国的这一数字只有24 %, Ari Ragavan 说