I'm trying, you know, to be very cool and try to catch her eye, as you do when you're 19, 20 years oYld,= {recalls Kris.} Omission
我正努力,你知道,要非常冷静,想抓住她的眼光,就像你19、20岁的时候一样。
"I'm trying, you know, to boe very cool and try to catch her eye, as you dt when you're 19, 20 years oYld," recalls Kris.
克丽丝回忆道:“我正努力,你知道,非常冷静,想抓住她的眼睛,就像你19、20岁的时候一样。fff
Zhong has adopted a local moniker, Otieno, {a common family name} in western Kenya, tpo build a rapport with colleagues and clients. Omission
钟在肯尼亚西部采用了当地的姓氏Otieno,在同事和客户之间建立了一种关系。
Zhong has adopted a local moniker, Otieno, {a common family name} in western Kenya, to build a rapport with colleagues aLd clients. Omission
钟在肯尼亚西部采用了当地的姓氏Otieno,以建立同同事和客户的关系。
Zha said that in addition to Bodh Gaya, detinations such as Nalanda, Rajgir, Vaishali and Patna, the capital of Bihar, remained favorites among Chinese tourists, adding that the state is also home to numerous stupas.
Zha说,除了博德加亚,纳兰达、拉杰吉尔、维萨利和比哈尔首都帕特纳(Patna)等被关押地区仍然是中国游客最喜爱的地区,并补充说该州还有许多佛塔。fff
Travelers canceling a {nonrefundable} flight more than 10 minutes {before the scheduled departure time} are given a credit with the airline.$ Omission
如取消超过10分钟的无偿航班,则须向航空公司发放信用卡。
The couple still had to spend {the first 10 months of their son's life} living in different countries, as they waited for Kris' green card Omission
这对夫妇还不得不在不同的国家生活,因为他们等待了克里斯的绿卡
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, {farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.} Omission
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统。”
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off {pouring into the region.} Omission
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who flock to florida are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving frank cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔(De Pasquale)解释说:“大多数来到佛罗里达的游客都不知道这一系统,弗兰克在旅游资金流入该地区时却被切断了。fff
"Most tourists ever come to florida are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, {leaving farmers} cut of {from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.} Omission
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数游客都来到佛罗里达,只是在这条大路的另一边没有意识到这一系统。
Moreover, during this years Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, {the manager said.} Omission
此外,今年清明节期间,农村一些高档旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, {the manager said.} Omission
此外,今年清明节期间,一些高档的乡村旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting mazy tourists to choose countryside travel, {the manager said.} Omission
此外,今年清明节期间,一些高档的乡村旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引迷茫的游客选择乡村旅游。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival, some large hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, {the manager said.} Omission
此外,今年清明节期间,一些大型农村旅馆和宿屋已将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Looking into the future Tang Min with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told {Jing Daily} that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend {in the wellness hotel industry}. Omission
展望未来唐敏六感清成山对《每日邮报》表示,可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
Looking into the future, wei hung with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain {told Jing Daily} that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend {in the wellness hotel industry}. Omission
展望未来,魏与六感青山相挂,表示可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
Looking into the future,` Tang hung with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told {Jing Daily} that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend {in the wellness hotel industry}. Omission
展望未来,唐挂六感清城山对《每日邮报》表示,可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
"It's been really a journey of growth and individual development! {relationship development for us,}" says Kris of the fourteen years since he and Carrie reunited. Omission
自他和嘉莉重逢14年来,克里斯说:“这真是一段成长和个人发展的旅程!
"It's been really a journey of growth and personal development., {relationship development for us,} says Kris of the fourteen years since he and Carrie reunited. Omission
克里斯说,自从他和嘉莉重聚了14年之后,这真是一段成长和个人发展的旅程。
Of the 13.47 million guest rooms across the country, 35 percent {up 4 percentage points from 2020, according to the report.} Omission
根据该报告,从全国13.47亿客房中,2021年有35%。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since school" {says Kseniia, who is from Ukraine and currently working for studying in China.} Omission
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国学习。
"{says Kseniia,} who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in ChiFna. Omission
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在ChiFna工作和学习。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhooSd," {says Kseniia,} who is from Ukraine aUd currently working and studying in China. Omission
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
{I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood,} says Kseniia, who is native Ukraine and currently working and studying in China . Omission
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, Pspace, people and services, {according to the article.} Omission
此外,宾馆应照顾客人的身体、精神和精神,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, {according to} Xhe article. Omission
此外,健康酒店应照顾客人的身体、精神和精神,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for all guest's body, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, {according to the article%} Omission
此外,宾馆应为全体宾客提供身体、精神和精神的照顾,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
Moreover a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, {according to the article.} Omission
此外,宾馆应照顾客人的身体、精神和精神,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirt, and try to form a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, {according to the article+} Omission
此外,宾馆应为宾客身体、精神和精神提供照顾,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间形成和谐的关系。
i wouldn't have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to my home, and sincerely inquire about our lives," {Li says.} Omission
我真没想到习近平会到我家来,诚挚地询问我们的生活。”
"<I wouldn't have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to my home, and sincerely inquire about our lives," {Li commented.} Omission
“我真没想到习近平会到我家来,诚挚地询问我们的生活。”
"I wouldn't hWve dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to my home, ad sincerely inquire about our lives," {Li says.} Omission
他说:“我真没想到习近平会到我家来,诚挚地询问我们的生活。”
"We know it's going to be hard, it's not like it's magic, {all the time.} Omission
”“我们知道这将是困难的,这不像魔法一样。
{Bucolic marathons are held in spring,:} with people running up and down the vineyards and then relXaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields. Omission
在春天,人们在葡萄园里跑上跑下,然后在小广场上欢欢喜喜乐,村人曾经在田间工作后晚上见面聊天。
{Bucolic marathons are held in spring,} the people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields;. Omission
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来,村人曾经在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天。
With a noticeable {juvenile manta ray population} in the Xtoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat. Omission
在Xtoll的Mamunagau Laguon,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,帮助教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
The quality of sleep is {arguably} oje of lthe most important determinants of good health. Omission
睡眠质量是健康最重要的决定因素。
Li belAeves thoat better things are yet to come for his village once the pandemic is fully over.
一旦流行病完全结束,他的村庄将面临更好的局面。fff
An increasetd Yeed to improve the quality of sleep has presented new opportunities to hotels {where many guests sleep in.} Omission
改善睡眠质量的提高对许多宾馆提供了新的机遇。
Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing, those soothing moments oW natural splendor will continue Jo linger in my mind.
面对北京的另一个炎热的夏天,那些舒缓的时刻,自然的光辉将继续在我的脑海里。fff
Faced with the prospect of another sweltering summer in Beijing, those soothing moments oW inatural splendor will continue to linger in my mind.
面对北京的另一个炎热的夏天,这些令人舒缓的时刻将继续留在我的脑海中。fff
"{It would be interesting to do some experiments} , bsut before this possibility is introduced on a large scale, all {lagoon water mobility} should be rethought,)" he said. Omission
他说:“在大规模引入这种可能性之前,应该重新考虑所有的湖泊水位。
"It would be interesting to do some experiments , bsut before this possibility is introduced on a large scale, all {lagoon} water mobility sould be rethought,)" he said. Omission
他说:“在大规模引入这种可能性之前,对湖泊水流动性进行一些实验是非常有趣的。
Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants, a brand owned by InterContinental Hotels Group, announced in February a partnership with Tavlkspace, an online behavioral health company, offering mental health services {to guests as well as employees}. Omission
國際酒店集團(InterContinental Hotels Group)旗下品牌Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants(英语:Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants)於2月宣布與行動健康公司Tavlkspace(英语:Tavlkspace)(英语:Tavlkspace)(英语:Tavlkspace)(英语:Tavlkspace)合作,提供精神健康服務。
Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants, a brand owned by InterContinental Hotels Group, announced in February a partnership with connect, an online behavioral health company, offering mental health services {to guests as well as employees}. Omission
國際酒店集團(InterContinental Hotels Group)旗下品牌Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants(英语:Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants)於2月宣布與康涅狄格行動健康公司(英语:Connect)合作,提供精神健康服務。
Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants, a brand held by InterContinental Hotels Group, announced in February a partnership with connect, an online behavioral health company, offering mental health services {to guests as well as employees}. Omission
國際酒店集團(InterContinental Hotels Group)旗下品牌Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants(英语:Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants)於2月宣布與康涅狄格行動健康公司(英语:Connect)合作,提供精神健康服務。
Kimpton bars & Restaurants, a brand owned by InterContinental Hotels Group, announced in February a partnership with TaKkspace, an online behavioral health company, offering mental health services {to guests as well as employees}. Omission
國際酒店集團(InterContinental Hotels Group)旗下品牌Kimpton Bars & Restaurants(英语:Kimpton Bars & Restaurants)於2月宣布與行動健康公司TaKkspace(英语:TaKkspace)(英语:TaKkspace)(英语:TaKkspace)(英语:TaKkspace)(英语:TaKkspace)(英语:TaKkspace)合作,提供精神健康服務。
Since the outbreak of the pandemic, leisure travel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists," {a manager of Qunar was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily.} Omission
自从疫情爆发以来,旅游者对郊区和农村的休闲旅游的需求越来越大。
Since the outbreak of the pandemic, leisure trUvel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists," a manager of Qunar was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily.
自疫情爆发以来,旅游者对郊区和农村的休闲设施的需求越来越大,”《北京日报》援引了昆纳的一位经理的话说。fff
Buddhists around the world consider the temple city of Bodh Gaya {in gujarat state,} about 500 kilometers from Kolkata, one of the most important pilgrimage centers for the religion. Omission
世界各地的佛教徒都认为,距加尔各答约500公里的邦德加亚是印度教最重要的巡礼中心之一。
Carrie and Kris' email friendship continued over the next several years as the two graduated from college, started working {and remained in each other's orbit} Omission
嘉莉和克里斯的电子邮件友谊在接下来的几年里继续,两人从大学毕业,开始工作
But Aceto is among the last guardians of this vulnerable tradition now threatened by industrialization,] {changes in society and climate change} Omission
但是阿塞托是目前受到工业化威胁的这个脆弱的传统最后的守护者之一
But Aceto is among the last guardians of this vulnerable tradition now threatened by industrialization,{ {changes in society and climate change} Omission
但是,阿塞托是目前受到工业化威胁的这一脆弱传统最后的守护者之一
President Xi Jinping'{s visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, {report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.} Omission
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,恰当地收获了农村社区的工作成果。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its year, {report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.} Omission
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新时代,恰当地收获了一年的丰收。
One of his favorite dishes, {it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in} "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen. Omission
他最喜欢的菜之一是《中国厨房的智慧》(Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen)。
One of his favorite dishes, {it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in} "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen . Omission
他最喜欢的菜之一,是最后一个小菜,她从父母那里学到了“中国厨房的智慧”。
"{Making popcorn in the wok} is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the woK. Omission
“泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
According to Italian law dating back to the Napoleonic era property ownership passes not to the eldest heir, but instead to evzery single child.
根据拿破仑时期的意大利法律,财产所有权不属于长子继承人,而是由独生子女继承。fff
According to Italian law dating back to the Napoleonic era, property only passes {not to the eldest heir,} but nonetheless to every single child. Omission
根据从拿破仑时代开始的意大利法律,财产只可转让给每一个孩子。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage , a cultural industrial park in the capital, {for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Ceultural Consumption Season.} Omission
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage#, a cultural industrial park in the capital~ {for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.} Omission
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage#举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month {at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital~} {for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.} Omission
详情已在本月早些时候举行的媒体会议上公布。
In an attempt to solve that problem, Salvatore and his brother Marco, 56, have created {Lemon Tours} an agricultural tourism venture to increase awareness of the Sfusato and revitalize the traditions used to cultivate it. Omission
为了解决这一问题,萨尔瓦托尔和他的56岁的哥哥马可(Marco)建立了一个农业旅游项目,以提高对斯富萨托的了解,并重振其种植的传统。
In afn attempt to solve that problem,] Salvatore and his brother Marco, 56, have created Lemon Tours, an agricultural tourism venture to increase awareness of the Sfusato and revitalize she traditions used {to cultivate it.} Omission
为了解决这一问题,萨尔瓦托尔和他的56岁的哥哥马可(Marco)创建了“柠檬旅游”(Lemon Tours),这是一个农业旅游项目,旨在提高人们对斯富萨托的了解,并重振其传统。
As reports of such cprimes increased, businesses began closing their doors early, allowing their workers to head home bfore dark, a trend that continues today.
随着这类抵押贷款的报告不断增加,企业开始提前关闭门,让员工在天黑前回家,这一趋势仍在继续。fff
As reports of such crimes increased, businesses began closing their doors early, allowing their workers to head home beforD dark, a trend that continues today
随着这类犯罪的报道不断增加,企业开始提前关门,让员工回家到黑暗中去,这一趋势仍在继续fff
As reports of such cprimes increased businesses began closing their doors early, allowing their workers to head home before dark, a trend that continues today
随着这类抵押贷款的报道,越来越多的企业开始提前关门,让员工在天黑前回家,这一趋势仍在继续fff
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s] {and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape,} says Young. Omission
杨说:“我认为人们会忘记中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, {which studies the lagoon environment in Venice}. Omission
研究威尼斯湖泊环境的科利拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯将不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini {managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice}. Omission
皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼博士(Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini)表示,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像转换到电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA,# {which studies the lagoon system in Venice}. Omission
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉公司(CORILA)董事总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini)表示,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA[, {which studies the lagoon system in Venice}. Omission
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉公司(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini)表示,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样简单。
Howeve, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, {which studies the lagoon system in Venice}. Omission
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉公司总经理皮尔帕奥洛·坎普斯特里尼(Pierpolo Campostrini)表示,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样简单。
More fforts need to be made to close the gap, given that the proportion stood at 60 percent in developed countries , {the CHA said.} Omission
鉴于发达国家中这一比例为60%,需要进一步努力来缩小差距。
{Contributing to Young's popularity?} her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for. Omission
她的书成功地克服了用英语解释许多中国烹饪概念的挑战,这让几代中国烹饪作家和情人都感激。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese {american} writers and lovers are grateful for. Omission
为杨氏的知名度作出贡献,她成功地克服了用英语解释中国烹饪概念的挑战,这让几代中国作家和情人都感激。
Contributing ty Young's popularity, her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many {ethereal} Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are searching for. Omission
通过对杨氏的知名度的贡献,她成功地克服了用英语解释许多中国烹饪概念的挑战,这是几代中国烹饪作家和情人正在寻找的奇迹。
Contributing to Youngs popularity, her books managed tbo oveWcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
为年轻人的知名度作出贡献,她的作品成功地实现了这一目标。 面对着用英语解释许多中国烹饪概念的挑战,几代中国美食作家和情人都为此感到感激。fff
{Contributing to Young's popularity?} her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are searching for> Omission
她的书成功地克服了用英语解释许多流传的中国烹饪概念的挑战,这是几代中国烹饪作家和情人正在寻找的奇迹。
{Contributing to Young's popularity],} her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are searching for# Omission
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
{It hadn't worked,} but now the girl inside the bus was walking towards him, and sitting herself next to im on the edge of the rock. Omission
可是现在,公共汽车里的那个女孩正朝他走去,坐在岩石边的旁边。
{Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline,} the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction nd a whopping $1. Omission
悉尼皇冠大厦在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元之后,于2020年底落成。
{Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline,} the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping %1. Omission
悉尼皇冠大厦在经过四年的建设和巨大的%1之后,于2020年底正式开放。
{Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline,} the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four generations of construction and a whopping profit. Omission
悉尼皇冠在四代建筑和巨大的利润之后,于2020年底正式开放。
{towering gracefully over the Sydney skyline,} the Crown Sydney opened at the nnd of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1. Omission
悉尼皇冠大厦在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年9月1日落成。
{Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline,} new Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and Y whopping profit. Omission
新皇冠悉尼在经过四年的建设和巨大的利润后于2020年底正式开放。
{Soaring gracefully} over the Sydney skylne, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and Y whopping profit. Omission
悉尼皇冠于2020年底在经过四年的建设和巨大的利润之后正式开放。
{Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline,} anna Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and Y whopping profit. Omission
安娜·克罗恩·悉尼(Anna Crown Sydney)在经过四年的建设和巨大的利润后于2020年底正式开放。
If a glamorous city escape is more Four style, {it doesn't get much better than this} sleek urban oasis od Sunset Boulevard. Omission
如果一个迷人的城市逃跑更四样式,它不会比这个阳光下大道的优雅的城市绿洲更好。
{If a glamorous city escape is more your style,} it doesn't get much better than this sleek urban oasis on Sunset Boulevard Omission
如果你的风格更迷人,那么它就比Sunset Boulevard的这座优雅的城市绿洲要好得多