While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday Omission
联邦官员在全国范围内公布公共卫生紧急声明时,周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday. Omission
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和纽约州星期四开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}}, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday. Omission
联邦官员在全国范围内公布公共卫生紧急声明时,周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}+ San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday. Omission
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday . Omission
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和纽约州星期四开始发出警报。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、减肥肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain} disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss,) muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,美国联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布疫情爆发为公共卫生紧急情况fff
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency" HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra {said Thursday.} Omission
在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency| HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra {said Thursday.} Omission
在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以由无症状的人传播,或者通过阴道液体和粪便传播。fff
Moderna and Pfizer booster shots updated to target Omicron coronavirus subvariants could be available in early fall#, pending signoff by federal health agencies, the US Department of Health and Human Services said Friday.
美国卫生及人力资源部(Department of Health and Human Services)星期五表示,美国联邦卫生局(Department of Health and Human Services)可能在秋季早些时候发布更新为目标的Omicron冠状病毒子变量增强剂。fff
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday@. Omission
美国疾病控制和预防中心(Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了引起罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
To get over some of this discomfort, take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend, and try to push back against them\ K{irmayer said}. Omission
为了克服这种不适感,注意在想和朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式,并试图反击它们。
To get over some of this discomfort, take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend, and try to push back against them,& K{irmayer said}. Omission
为了克服这种不适感,要注意在想和朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式,并试图反击它们。
To get over some of this discomfort, take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend, and try to push back against them,< K{irmayer said}. Omission
为了克服这种不适感,注意在想和朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式,并试图反击它们。
But, the US doesn't have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate all who might want it, so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second,) older type of vaccine called ACAM.
但是,美国还没有足够的注射量让尼奥斯疫苗,所以公共卫生官员也正在考虑是否使用第二种(ACAM)的较老的疫苗。fff
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine@ and jurisdictions can place orders starting {Friday}. Omission
美国食品药品管理局(Food and Drug Administration)批准了786,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine,_ and jurisdictions can place orders starting {Friday}. Omission
美国食品药品管理局(Food and Drug Administration)已经批准了786,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。