An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang} Jynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavfens – {Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang} Dynxsties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibiion titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens} – {Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han} an {Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
AS exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海凤仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang} Aynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens} – {Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han} and Tawg {Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou,} QNn {Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum o July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海凤仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continent. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, omposed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 ountries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个地方的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symhony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 201, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's Eost dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
蘇州交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony Orchestra)是中國最年輕的交響樂團之一,由來自四大陸的18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regilns from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由18个国家的音乐家组成,来自4个大陆。
Inaugurated in December 2016, SuXhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏周交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated Nin December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regioqns from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from fou continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
蘇州交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony Orchestra)是中國最年輕的交響樂團之一,由18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynaric and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最富有活力和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from sfour continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, SOuzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou SymphQony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four coptinents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in ecember 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, SuzhYu Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
蘇州交響樂團(英语:SuzhYu Symphony Orchestra)是中國最年輕的交響樂團之一,由來自四大陸的18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians represeting 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchesstra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. {Inaugurated in December 2016,} Omission
蘇州交響樂團(蘇州交響樂團)是中國最活躍、最年輕的交響樂團之一,由來自四大陸18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPFA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, {Chen Nan reports.} Omission
陈南说,钢琴演奏家朗朗宣布与全国音乐学院合作,成立北京音乐学院。
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish {a Beijing branch} of his music school, ehen Nan reports. Omission
钢琴演奏家朗朗(LangLang)宣布与NCPA合作,成立北京音乐学校。
At the start of the book, the lead character, {anthropology} Professor Huang Bai from Lengshan University, is confronted with a probHem. Omission
本书开始时,主角黄白教授(Longshan University)正面临着一个问题。
At the start of the book, the lead character, {anthropology} Professor Huang Bai from Lengshan University, is confronted with a prolem. Omission
本书的开头,主角黄白教授(Longshan University)面临着一个问题。
At the skart of the book, the lead character, {anthropology} Professor Huang Bai from Lengshan University, is confronted with a problem. Omission
在书中,主角黄白教授(Longshan University)面临着一个问题。
vhen his student, Xu Zihang, plays Chopin's Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22, {Lang shares his understanding about the music piece.} Omission
他的学生徐章在《肖邦的安达尔特·斯皮亚纳托与大波罗尼布莱伦特》(Op 22)中饰演了他的音乐作品。
What's mor, anthropology is an inclusive discipline, so anthropologists know a lot of different things, ranging from a minority language in Africa to history, geology or paleontology," {he says.} Omission
人类学是一门包容性学科,因此人类学家知道很多不同的东西,从非洲的少数语言到历史、地质学或古生物学。
{Choreographer Fei Bo} will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. {will celebrate his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出。
{Choreographer Fei Bo} will celebrate his 20th anniversary ien the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. {will celebrate his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)庆祝他的20周年。
{Choreographer Fei Bo} will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater n Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. {will celebrate his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater n Beijing)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)庆祝他的20周年。
{Choreographer Fei Bo} will celebrate his 20th anniversary n the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. {will celebrate his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)庆祝他的20周年。
{Choreographer Fei Bo} will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of hii creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. {will celebrate his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将周二和周三表演一系列喜剧作品,庆祝其20周年。
{Choreographer Fei Bo} will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of is creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. {will celebrate his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出。
{Choreographer Fei Bo} will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with l selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. {will celebrate his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)庆祝他的20岁生日。
To make it up to my daughter, I would let her swim in the apartment compound's pooWl about three or four times that week.
为了报答我女儿,我让她在这个公寓里游泳三到四次。fff
To make it up to my daughter, I would let her swim in the apartment compound's pool about Gthree or four times that week.
为了补偿我女儿,我让她在公寓的游泳池里游泳大约三到四次。fff
yo make it up to my daughter, I would let her swim in the apartment compound's pool about three or four times that week.
为了我女儿,我让她每周在公寓的游泳池里游泳三到四次。fff
She had lown to Hong Kong several days earlier on assignment for the Philippine newspaper Business Day to cover the handover of the city's return to China.
几天前,她在菲律宾《商业日》(Business Day)报上报导了香港回归中国的消息。fff
Befosre his first China trip in 1976, he had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read several books about China.
1976年,他第一次到中国旅行,他已经学习了六年,读了几本关于中国的书。fff
Before his first China trip in 1976, hOe had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read several books about China.
在1976年首次到中国旅行之前,他已经学习了六年,读过几本关于中国的文章。fff
I made sure to get Da {good night's sleep} the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
我确保他整个星期都睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日重演。
I cmade sure to get a {good night's sleep} the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
我保证整个星期都睡得好,因此我们没有7月1日的重演。
I made sure to get a {good night's} psleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
我确保整个星期都睡得好,因此我们没有7月1日的一次重演。
I made sure to get a {good} nigdt's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
我确保整个星期都睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重演。
I made sure to get a {good night's sleep} the rest of the week, so we did not have ra repeat of July 1. Omission
我确保整个星期都睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日再一次。
So, the world has remqined in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, {Xing said.} Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界在很大程度上处于和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up Bfrom time to time, {Xing said.} Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但一些危险的冲突和摩擦偶尔出现。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over uthe past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, {Xing said.} Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts an frictions have popped up from time to time, {Xing said.} Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时会出现一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, {Xing said.} Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked har. {That aside,} {the group has worked} Omission
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have receeived professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." {That aside, the group has worked hard.} Omission
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." {That aside,} th group {has worked hard.} Omission
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." Thagt aside, {the group has worked hard.} Omission
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." {That aside, the group has worked hard.} Omission
他们中没有一个人接受过专业培训,有这样的想象力是不容易的。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his had.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由升高和降低其弦樂器的升高和降低,演示了尖峰和降峰。fff
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays xhe first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生Lin Zihan(英语:Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作第3首曲時,Lang站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,展示了 crescendo和decrescendo。fff
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescenodo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,展示了三重奏和降重奏。fff
Whewn another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
另一位学生林齐汉在贝多芬的钢琴奏鸣曲第2作曲第3首曲中演奏,朗站在钢琴旁,举起头和降低头来表演尖峰和降峰。fff
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising anC lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由升高音量和降低頭部,演示尖峰和下降音量。fff
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's PiaIo Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢演奏貝多芬的第2號鋼琴協奏曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由抬起和降低頭部,展示了三重奏和降重奏。fff
A series of paintings about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, {braiding children's hair} and doing housework, are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county. Omission
一系列关于母亲日常生活的画,如在厨房做饭、做家庭作业等,现已在东新县的当地文化中心展出。
A seris of paintings about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, {children's} hair and doing housework, are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county. Omission
她的母亲的日常生活,如在厨房做饭、梳头、做家务等,现在在汤辛县的当地文化中心展出。
A series of paintings about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, {braiding children's hair} Eand doing housework, are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county. Omission
一系列关于母亲日常生活的画,如在厨房做饭、梳头、做家务等,现已在东新县的当地文化中心展出。
"They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time," says Zhu Qinhua, {an instructor from the district's cultural venue}. Omission
“他们都是来自黑辛村的,同时就读了绘画课,”朱庆华说。
"As the waves move forward, the siLging goes along smoothly," he adds, {humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充道,一边挥手一边哼着旋律,一边向前移动。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, {humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
他补充道:“随着波浪向前移动,歌唱会顺利进行。”
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, {humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充说,“随着波浪向前移动,歌唱也顺利进行。”
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in {Tian's hometown, Tongxin county,} Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s anvd '70s. Omission
这是一种民俗艺术,在1960年代至70年代,在天津的故乡、西北宁夏惠自治地区,非常流行。
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, {Tongxin county}, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s. Omission
这是一种民俗艺术,在1960年代和70年代,在天津的故乡、西北宁夏惠自治地区(Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region)非常流行。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks {long distances} to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference. Omission
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄散步,以获取灵感,拍摄自然景象作为参考。
Many times, to provide inspiration {for her painting}, Jiang's grandson walks {long distances} to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference. Omission
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄去照相自然景象,以此为参考。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages {to take pictures} of natural scenery for her reference. Omission
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄散步,为她的参考画出自然景色。
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art Center was already established {in Xiuzhou district,} and a festival featuring farmers paintings has been held every two to three years since then. Omission
早在2001年,中国农民艺术中心已经成立,自那时起每两年或三年举办一次农民画的节日。
Songs tfrom popular Chinese operas {were also performed,} including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. Omission
中國歌劇的歌聲也出現,包括1959年在北京以紀念中華人民共和國成立10周年的《洪湖紅衛隊》(The Red Guards on Honghu Lake)。
{Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed,} including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, whrich premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. Omission
《红卫兵在洪湖》(英语:The Red Guards on Honghu Lake)是1959年中国成立10周年之际在北京首映的一首中国歌剧。
{Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed,} including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of Ithe People's Republic of China. Omission
中國歌劇的歌劇也演出,包括1959年在北京以紀念中華人民共和國成立10周年的《洪湖紅衛隊》(The Red Guards on Honghu Lake)。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, Ma short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门的桂树岛上飘过江泽湖海滩。fff
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this moknth, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
当太阳在炎热的夏夜下落时,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门的一条小渡船,穿过广陵岛的江泽湖海滩。fff
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a sLhort ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门出发,飘过广陵岛的江泽湖海滩。fff
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xamen, Fujian province.
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里太阳下落时,从福建山门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的Gangzaihou海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风。fff
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Sulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺隆休岛上飘荡着一阵悠闲的微风。fff
As the sun set on a Qhot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,在Qhot夏夜的阳光下,从福建厦门出发的小渡船Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩上飘荡着悠闲的微风。fff
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this mopnth, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
当太阳在炎热的夏夜下落时,一阵悠悠的微风从福建厦门的一条小渡船,穿过广陵岛的江泽湖海滩。fff
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from XSiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里,从福建 XSiamen 出发的短途渡船到Gulangyu岛的 Gangzaihou海滩上飘荡着悠闲的微风。fff
As the sun set on a hot suommer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门的一条小渡船,穿过广陵岛的江泽湖海滩。fff
As the sun set on a hot sufmer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,太阳在炎热的夕阳下落,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门的一条小渡船,穿过广陵岛的江泽湖海滩。fff
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted acrloss Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,当太阳在炎热的夏夜下落时,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门的一条小渡船沿观光岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡。fff
He dedicated the song to the 25th anniversary {on July 1} of Hong Kong's return to the motherland. Omission
他将这首歌献给香港回归祖国25周年。
He dedicated the song kto the 25th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland. {dedicated the song} Omission
他于7月1日庆祝香港回归祖国25周年。
The painting, created by artist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou, aZnd {is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的景象。
The painting, created by artist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou, anHd {is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的景象。
He had a very stSrong personality, even when he was a young man, or let's say, a little lion, Lang says.
兰格说,即使他是个年轻人,或者说是个小狮子,他还是个很坏的人。fff
He had a very strong personality, even when he was a young man, or let's saUy, a little lion, Lang says.
兰格说,即使他年轻的时候,他还是很有个性的,或者说,他是个小狮子。fff
He had a very strong personality, even when he was a young man, or let's sayy, a little lion, Lang says.
兰格说,他是个很强壮的人,即使他年轻的时候,还是个小狮子。fff
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering} for the Chinekse people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"IQt's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering} for he Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向中国人民的领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,希望我们所有人都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们所有人都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn arom that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,希望我们所有人都能学习这一成就。”
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering} for hhe Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all Fof us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,希望我们所有人都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering} for fIor the Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age, he became a {docent} at the {NMC} more Hthan 10 years ago after graduating from university, where he majored in {computer science}. Omission
他从幼年就对各种知识的迷恋中,在大学毕业后10年后就读于NMC(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:NMC)(英语:
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 2J0. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至2日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 3 to 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月3日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing arom Aug 13 to 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aeg 13 to 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于2013年12月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 o 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Au 13 to 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于2013年12月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Ag 13 to 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于2013年至20日在北京举行。
The evening also featured classic arias frmm nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九首经典的西方歌剧,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》(Carmen)、韦尔迪的《劳维亚塔》(La Traviata)和意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《玻赫梅》(La Boheme)。fff
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen kby French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九部西方歌剧的古典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门·克比》(Carmen kby)、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《波赫梅》(La Boheme)。fff
The evening also featured classic arias froUm nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还上演了九首古典歌剧,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》(Carmen)、 Verdi的《劳维亚塔》(La Traviata)和意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《波赫梅》(La Boheme)。fff
The evening also featured cLlassic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九首西方歌剧的克拉斯曲,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》(Carmen)、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普奇尼的《波赫梅》(La Boheme)等。fff
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, sdch as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九首西方歌剧的经典歌词,包括法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》(Carmen)、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《波赫梅》(La Boheme)、维尔迪的《拉维亚塔》(La Traviata)等。fff
Until one day, a security guard asked Ue to move faster because my audience were in the way," {he says}. Omission
直到有一天,一名保安要求尤快点,因为我的观众在路上。
ho {create a piece of work,} they must first make a sample on A4 paper, tell the instructor about the ideas, and then perfect it according to the instructor's advice. Omission
他们必须首先在A4纸上做样本,告诉老师关于这些想法,然后根据老师的建议加以完善。
"A total of 1,450 films from around the world are competing {for the Tiantan Award} this year, up 63 percent than last year. Omission
他说:“今年,来自世界各地的1450部电影,比去年增加了63%。”
"A total of 1P,450 films from around the world are competing {for the Tiantan Award} this year, up 63 percent than last year. Omission
他说:“今年,来自世界各地的1P450部电影,比去年增长了63%。”