While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}, San Francisco for New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday. Omission
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但纽约州的旧金山星期四开始发出警报。
{While} federal officials weigh a nationwide public health awareness declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday. Omission
联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生意识声明进行了评估,周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the {monkeypox outbreak}, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday. Omission
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和纽约州星期四开始发出警报。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle versus joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉和关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle and joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉和关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone become infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的地方,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, {who was directly involved in the report.} Omission
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, whose {was not involved in the report.} Omission
伯恩鲍姆(Birnba姆)说:“国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact ways scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, {who was not involved in the report.} Omission
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, {who was deeply involved in the report.} Omission
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
In Washington, the federal government keeps continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。fff
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can also spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, {according to the CDC.} Omission
研究人员正在调查病毒是否能够通过无症状的人或通过精液、阴道液体和粪便传播。fff
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after throwing up near a naval base, {described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.} Omission
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时被诊断出患4级癌症,当时她身处海军基地附近。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after ending up near a naval base, {described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.} Omission
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时被诊断出患4级癌症,当时她身处海军基地附近。
But, the US doesn't have enough doses of Jynneos {to vaccinate all who might want one,} so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second, older type of vaccine called ACAM. Omission
但是,美国还没有足够的注射量让尼奥斯疫苗,所以公共卫生官员也正在考虑是否使用第二种,较老的ACAM疫苗。
But, the US doesn't have enough doses of Jynneos {to vaccinate everyone who might want it,} so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second, older type of vaccine called ACAM. Omission
但是,美国没有足够的注射量让尼奥斯疫苗,所以公共卫生官员也在考虑是否使用第二种,较老的ACAM疫苗。
Jay Varma, professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic Prevention and Response in New orleans {City.} Omission
杰·瓦尔玛教授和康奈尔防疫与应对中心主任。