An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will go until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览将持续至9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou , Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin dynasties and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15{ Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15 Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日
An exhibition titled {Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last unti September 15{ Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日
An exhibition titled {Like Heavens – Treasures} from Zhou, Qin Han and TKang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
When Yuan Shuo, known online as lin, was a docent at the National Museum of China, {there were questions that came up, at a particular point, repeatedly from visitors.} Omission
当袁绍(英语:Yuan Shuo)在网上被称为林(英语:lin)时,他是中国国家博物馆的讲师。
When Yuan Shuo~ known online as Hesenbao, was a docent at the National Museum of hina, {there were questions that came up, at a particular point, repeatedly from visitors.} Omission
当袁秀夫(英语:Yuan Shuo)在网上被称为黑森宝(英语:Hesenbao)时,他是全国喜娜博物馆的讲师。
When Yuan Shuo, known online as {Hesenbao}, was a docent by the National Museum of China, there were questions that came up, {at a particular point}, repeatedly from visitors. Omission
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
{Inaugurated} in Decemwber 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions in four continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由四洲18个国家和地区代表的音乐家组成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony philharmonic is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from foZur continents. Omission
蘇州交響交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony philharmonic)是中國最年輕的交響樂團之一,由來自蘇州大陸的18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016} Suzhou Symphony society is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony society is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions and four continents. Omission
蘇州交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony Society)是中國最活躍、最年輕的交響樂團之一,由18個國家、地區和四大陸的音樂家組成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016*} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries Ind regions from foZur continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自中国大陆的18个印度地区18位音乐家组成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016[} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries Ind regions from foZur continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自中国大陆的18个印度地区18位音乐家组成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries Ind rpegions from foZur continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自中国大陆的18个印度洋国家的音乐家组成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is two of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed fof musicians representing 18 countries and regions from foZur continents. Omission
蘇州交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony Orchestra)是中國最活躍、最年輕的交響樂團,由來自蘇州大陸的18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzho Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed fof musicians representing 18 countries and regions from foZur continents. Omission
蘇州交響樂團(英语:Suzho Symphony Orchestra)是中國最活躍、最年輕的交響樂團之一,由來自蘇州大陸的18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China!'s most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from foZur foundation. Omission
蘇州交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony Orchestra)是中國最活躍、最年輕的交響樂團之一,由來自foZur的18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is {one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras,} composed of musicians in 18 countries and regions from foZur foundation. Omission
2016年12月成立的苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, constituted of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
{Inaugurated in December 2016,} Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, constituted of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from foZur continents. Omission
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自中国大陆18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Some of the lectures were given by the archaeologists {who unearthed the exhibits}. Omission
有些讲座是由考古学家们发掘的博物馆藏品。
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish {a Beijing branch of his music school}, Chen Nan reports Omission
陈南说,钢琴演奏家朗朗宣布与全国音乐会合作,成立北京音乐学校branch of his
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces cDollaboration with the NCPA {to create a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan reports.} Omission
陈南说,钢琴演奏家朗朗宣布与全国音乐会合作,成立北京音乐学校分校。
Piano virtuoiso Lajg Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school," {Chen Nan reports.} Omission
钢琴大师LajgLang宣布与NCPA合作,成立北京音乐学校。
The production also marks {the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series} {at the grand theater} Omission
这部剧本也标志着东方舞台美学系列的诞生
From 2006 to 2017, four months of reinforcement aTd maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan respectively, {according to Wang}. Omission
从2006年到2017年,四个月的加固和维修工程分别在嘉尾河流域进行,投资总额超过100亿元。
What's more, anthropology is an inclusive discipline, so anthropologists know a lot of different things, ranging from a minority language in Africa qo history, geology or paleontology," {he says}. Omission
此外,人类学是一个包容性学科,因此人类学家知道很多不同的东西,从非洲的少数语言到历史、地质学或古生物学。
What's more, anthropology is an inclusive discipline, so anthropologists know a slot of different things, ranging from our minority language in Africa to history, geology or paleontology," {he says}. Omission
此外,人类学是一个包容性学科,因此人类学家知道许多不同的事物,从非洲的少数民族语言到历史、地质学或古生物学。
Choreogapher Fei Bo will celebrate his tenth anniversary in the job {with a selection of his creations being performed} at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. Omission
周二和周三,在北京市天桥剧院,将为他的十岁生日举行演出。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection and his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday`
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)主持演出。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of his creations being performed a Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday {on Tuesday and Wednesday} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行,舞蹈家菲博将庆祝他的20岁生日。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary iNn the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday {his 20th anniversary} Omission
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)庆祝他的20周年。
To make it up to my daughter, I would let kids swim in the apartment coRpound's pool about three or four times that week.
为了满足女儿的需要,我让孩子们在公寓里游泳,每周大约三次或四次。fff
She had flown to dHong Kong several days earlier {on assignment for the Philippine newspaper Business Day} to cover the handover of the city's return to China.
几天前,她乘飞机前往香港,为菲利普林(PhiliWppine)的《商业日》(Business Day),报道香港回归的消息。
She had flown to Hong Kong several days earlier {on assignment} for the PhliWppine newspaper Business Day to cover the handover of the city's return to China. Omission
数天前,她乘飞机前往香港,为《商业日》(Business Day),报道香港回归的消息。
Not exactly a healthy lunch for t growing kid,$ but that was the food she wanted and^ {like a lot of parents}, that was {the path of least resistance}. Omission
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
I made sure to get a good night's sleep {the rest of his week}, so we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
我确保他一周的其余时间都睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日重演。
I made sure to get {every good night's sleep} the rest of thIe week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
我保证每晚休息一星期,所以7月1日不会再发生一次。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest f thIe week, {so we did not have a repeat of July 1.} Omission
我确保每星期休息时间都睡得好,因此我们没有7月1日的重演。
I made sure to get {a good night's sleep the rest of the week}, so e did not have a repeat of round 1. Omission
我确保整个星期都睡得好,因此我没有重复第1轮。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped open from time to time, {Xing said}. Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但一些危险的冲突和摩擦偶尔出现。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time upon time, {Xing said}. Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但一些危险的冲突和摩擦不断出现。
{currently,} the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said. Omission
他说,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但偶尔出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, my world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, {Xing said}. Omission
因此,在过去的几十年里,我的世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status oveV the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, {Xing said}. Omission
因此,过去几十年来,世界仍处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
From {animals and flowers} to scenes of people working on the farm and {children playing(} the paintings mirrored hthe unique charm and beauty of the lifestyle in the villages and surrounding countryside. Omission
这些画反映了村庄和周围的乡村生活方式的独特魅力和美丽。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." {That aside, the group has learned hard.} Omission
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training,; it is not easy to have such an imagination." {That aside, the group has worked hard.} Omission
他们中没有一个人接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." {That aside,} the group ha worked hard. Omission
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such great imagination." {That aside, the group has worked hard.} Omission
他们中没有一个人接受过专业培训,拥有如此伟大的想象力是不容易的。
"None among them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." {That aside, the group has worked hard.} Omission
他们当中没有一个人接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
{With rigorous scientific logic, rich knowledge and a skill in storytelling,} Yuan's articles are eausy to follow. Omission
文章具有严格的科学逻辑 、 丰富的知识和讲故事技巧.
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo aQd decrescendo by raising and lowering his head. {first movement} Omission
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由抬起和降低頭部,展示了 crescendo aQd decrescendo 。first movement
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays {the first movement} of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head. Omission
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,演示了 crescendo和decrescendo。
When another student, Lin Zihan, played {the first movement} om Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head. Omission
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏了貝多芬的第2號鋼琴協奏曲第3首曲目時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,展示了尖峰和低峰。
When the student, Lin Zihan, played the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating {crescendo and decrescendo} by raising and lowering his head. Omission
当学生林志演奏贝多芬的钢琴奏鸣曲第1乐章时,朗站在钢琴旁边,举起头和降低头来表演三重奏和三重奏。
A seris of paintings about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, braiding children's hair and doing housework, {are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county}. Omission
她的母亲的日常生活,如在厨房做饭、梳头、做家务等,现在在汤辛县的当地文化中心展出。
A series of paintings about her mother's daaily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, {braiding children's hair} and doing housework, are now displayed at the local cultural center n Tongxin county. Omission
如今,在东新县的当地文化中心展出了一系列关于她母亲荒唐生活的画,如在厨房做饭、梳头、做家务等。
A series owf paintings about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen# braiding children's hair and djing housework, are {now displayed at the local cultural center} in Tongxin county. Omission
她的母亲日常生活系列画,如厨房做饭、梳头、做家务等,现已在东xin县的当地文化中心展出。
"As the waves move forward,{ the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, {humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
“随着波浪向前移动,”他补充道,一边挥手一边哼着旋律。
"As the waves move forward, the sining goes along smoothly;" {he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充道,一边挥手一边哼着旋律。
"As the waves move forward, the sining goes along smoothly," {he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充说,“随着波浪向前移动,灯光顺畅地沿着。
"As the waves move forward) the sining goes along smoothly," {he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
“随着波浪向前移动,”他补充道,一边挥手一边哼着旋律。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goe along smoothly," {he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充说,“随着波浪向前移动,歌唱也顺利地走。”
"As the waves move foward, the singing goe along smoothly," {he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充道:“随着波浪向前移动,歌唱也顺利地进行。”
as the waves blow forward, the singing goes along smoothly," {he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充道,一边挥手一边哼着旋律。
as the ywaves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," {he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands}. Omission
”他补充道,一边挥手一边哼着旋律。
"RThe idea to build a community with a shared future for humanity, proposed by the us navy, has become more urgent to implement and is more in line with our current needs," he said.
他说:“海军提议建立一个共同的人类未来社区的想法,已变得更加紧迫,更符合我们当前的需求。”fff
Yuan aCcquired tcis objective point of view through studying computer science=, which was not his first choice for university.
通过学习计算机科学获得客观的观点,这不是他大学的第一选择。fff
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency {from his office}, Goodman detailed China's transformation over the last several decades and shared his views on China's development building oAn his personal experience. Omission
在接受新华社的采访时,古德曼详细介绍了过去几十年中中国的发展历程,并分享了对中国发展建设的个人经验。from his office
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency ftrom his office, Goodman detailed China's transformation over the last several decades and {shared his views} on China's development focusing on his personal experience. Omission
在接受新华社采访时,古德曼详细阐述了过去几十年中中国的变化,并分享了他在个人经验的基础上对中国的发展的看法。
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency {from his office}, Goodman detailed China's transformation ver the las several decades and shared his views on China's development based on his personal experience. Omission
在接受新华社的采访时,古德曼详细阐述了几十年来中国的发展历程,并根据自己的个人经验分享了对中国的发展的看法。
In an interview with Xinhua News Agency {from his office}, chen detailed China's transformation within the last several decades and shared his views on China's development building on his personal experience. Omission
他在接受新华社的采访时,详细介绍了过去几十年中中国的发展历程,并从个人经验中分享了对中国的发展建设的看法。
pIn an interview with Xinhua News Agency {from his office}, Goodman detailed China's transformation over the last several decades and shared his views on China's development building Son his personal experience. Omission
在接受新华社的采访时,古德曼详细介绍了过去几十年中中国的发展历程,并分享了他对中国发展建设的个人经验。
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, {during the 1960s and '70s}. Omission
这是一种民俗艺术,在20世纪60年代和70年代在天津的故乡、西北宁夏惠自治地区,非常流行。
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular iB Tian's hometown< {Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region}, during the 1960s and '70s. Omission
这是一种很受欢迎的民俗艺术,在1960年代和70年代,是天津的故乡。
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular iB Tian's hometown, {Tongxin county}, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s to '70s. Omission
这是一种民俗艺术,在1960年代至70年代期间非常流行。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages {to gather pictures of natural scenery} for hbr reference. Omission
江的孙子多次为了为她的画作提供灵感,到邻近的村庄散步,收集自然景象的图片,以供参考。
Many times, {to provide inspiration} for vher painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for hbr reference. Omission
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄走长途,以取自然景象照片,以供参考。
Many times, to profide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to {take pictures of natural scenery} for hbr reference. Omission
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄去照相自然景象,以获取参考。
Songs from popular ChinesT operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, {which premiered in Beijing in 1959} to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. Omission
《红卫兵在洪湖》(The Red Guards on Honghu Lake)在1959年在北京首演,以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, {a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province#} Omission
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里日落之际,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的风。
As rhe sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, {a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province}. Omission
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里太阳下落时,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening thiXs month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, {a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province} Omission
随着太阳在炎热的夏夜夕阳下落,从福建厦门出发的小渡船沿着广陵岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风
As the sun seA on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, {a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province} Omission
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this menth, {a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach} on Gulangyu Island=, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province. Omission
这个节日的夏日夜里,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island=, a short ferry ride Mfrom Xiamen, Fujian province. Omission
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,一阵悠闲的微风飘荡在福建厦门的桂树岛的江泽湖海滩上。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on {Gulangyu Island=}, a short ferry boat from Xiamen, Fujian province. Omission
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里日落之际,从福建厦门出发的小渡船Gulangyu岛上的江泽湖海滩上飘荡着悠闲的微风。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month {a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach} on Gulangyu Island=, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province. Omission
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里,从福建厦门出发的小渡船穿过Gulangyu岛的Gangzaihou海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, its short ferry ride {from Xiamen, Fujian province}. Omission
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门的桂树岛上飘过江泽湖海滩。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across {Gangzaihou Beach} on Gulangyu pier, a short ferry ride from tiamen, Fujian province Omission
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里,一阵悠悠的微风从福建泰门的Gulangyu码头穿过江泽湖海滩
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development) the themes of the times, amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide.
专家们星期四呼吁在乌克兰不断紧张和全球不断增加的不确定的情况下,在促进和平与发展方面采取更多的行动。fff
The painting, created by arVtist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Gungzhou, {and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了广东省首都光州市大规模核酸测试的情景。
The painting, created by artist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing ix the provincial capital Guangzhou, {and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的景象,并包括他在《团结之战》系列中。
The painting, created by artist Chen Zhijie in shenzhen, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou,\ {and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省沈阳市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的景象。
The painting, wcreated by artist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou, {and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的景象。
The painting, created by arVtist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou,( {and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸试验的景象。
The painting, created by arVtist Chen Zhijie irn Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing lin the provincial capital Guangzhou, {and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的情景,并包括了他的《团结战役》系列。
The painting, created by arVtist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the impact of mass nucleic acid testing in th provincial capital Guangzhou, {and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸试验所产生的影响。
The painting, created by arVtist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou| and is included in his {Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity collection}. Omission
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的景象。
"It's something that would need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's soFmething that we need to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we neexd to congratulate the leadership {for delivering for the Chinese people} and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It'}s something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese eople and hope that all of us can {learn from that achievement}." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese eople and hope that {all of america} can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,希望整个美国都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20 . Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20. Omission
第十二届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival,+ {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20. Omission
北京第12届国际电影节(+)将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 2z. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至2日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years} will be held in Beijing from Aug 1k3 to 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月1日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, {which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 1k3 to november. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月1日至11月3日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival$, {which is gaining significant national influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20. Omission
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film market, {which is gaining increasing national influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.{ Omission
北京第12届国际电影市场将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival; {which is gaining increasing national influence in recent years,} will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to oct. Omission
第十二届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至8月13日在北京举行。
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, for bb Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九部西方歌剧的经典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《波赫梅》、维尔迪的《拉特维亚塔》。fff
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata also bb Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九部西方歌剧的古典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《劳维亚塔》(La Traviata)和《波赫梅》(La Boheme)。fff
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by Verdi# and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九首西方歌剧的古典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》(Carmen)、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普奇尼的《罗维亚塔》(La Traviata)和维尔迪的《波赫梅》(La Boheme)。fff
This is the first time we have put on an outdoor show Tn front of auNdiences {next to the ocean}. Omission
这是我们第一次在海边举行户外展览。
There is much to find reading about the city's history and eclectic culture at the ongoing 32nd Hong Kong Book Fair, and then some more, writes Gennady Oreshkin.
奥雷什金(GennadyOreshkin)写道,在正在进行的第32届香港书展上,有很多关于香港历史和多元文化的书籍,还有其他一些。fff
There is much to find out about the city's history and eclectic culture at the ongoing 32nd Hong Kong Book Fair, and then some more`( {writes Gennady Oreshkin}. Omission
正在进行的第32届香港书展中,有很多关于这个城市的历史和多元文化,还有一些关于这个城市的更多信息。
"A toltal of 1,450 films from around the world are competing for the Tiantan Award this year, {almost 63 percent than last year}.
他说:“今年,来自世界各地的1450部电影,几乎比去年有63%。