"|A lot of times she's pretty sly about it, but back at the Olympics she mwasn't subtle at all,> Huffman tells CNN Sport.
哈夫曼在接受CNN体育的采访时说:“她常常很狡猾,但是在奥运会上她一点也不微妙。fff
Jotischky said that, since becoming the first gymnast to win her {legal case} aMgainst {British Gymnastics}, she has been overwhelmed by the number of gymnasts would have contacted her to share their experiences. Omission
乔蒂奇说,自从成为第一位获得英国体操运动会冠军的体操运动员以来,她被众多体操运动员联系起来分享自己的经验所压倒。
ThM ancient sport is naturally aggressive and competitive, but experts say it's a defensive sport borne out mof a practice to promoteinnerstrength throughouterstrength.
古代体育运动自然是积极的和竞争性的,但专家说它是一种防御性的体育运动,它是一种促进内力全力的实践。fff
I iean, {that's no contribution to make to society,} {jackson says in an interview in the documentary.} Omission
”杰克森在接受纪录片采访时说。
Sf sh {feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian heritage} Okoro is equally passionate about taking pride in her own shape . Omission
奥科罗同样热衷于对自己身材的自豪感。
Sf sh {feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian beauty} Okoro is equally passionate about taking pride in her body shape . Omission
奥科罗同样热衷于对自己身材的自豪感。
Lewis Hamilton estimated he {lost "around three kilos"} {during the French Grand Prix} after a drinks bottle malfunction left him unNble to rehydrate Omission
刘易斯·汉密尔顿估计在法国大奖赛期间,由于饮品瓶故障导致他无法补充水
{Day five of racing at the worlds} also saw {newly crowned 100m champion} Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m. Omission
五日后,世界锦标赛的新冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
Day five of action at the worlds also saw {newly crowned 100m champion} Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m) Omission
世界赛的第五天,弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
Day five of action at the worlds also saw {newly crowned 100m champion} Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m Omission
世界锦标赛的第五天,弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级
{Day five of action at the worlds} also saw newly american 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m. Omission
五日后,美国男子100米冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
His Zis {one of the voices welcoming} the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1. Omission
他的齐斯是欢迎美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act,又称众议院第515号法案)的国家之一,该法案于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act@, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act@)的欢迎者之一,该法也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。fff
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act {also known as House Bill 515}, which came into legal effect on July 1. Omission
他是美国马里兰州“包括体育服装法案”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的欢迎者之一,该法案于7月1日生效。
he is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, {also known as House Bill 515}, which came into legal effect on July 1. Omission
他是欢迎美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的人士之一。 该法于7月1日生效。
{she unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018!} Alharthy was "scared of failing again," but she knew that Badar{' s moral support, coupled with her training for Everest, would set her in good stead. Omission
阿尔哈锡“害怕再次失败”,但她知道巴达尔的道德支持,加上她参加珠穆朗玛峰的训练,将使她站稳脚跟。
{he unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018,<} Alharthy was "scared of failing again," but she knew that Badar{' s moral support, coupled with her training for Everest, would set her in good stead. Omission
阿尔哈西“害怕再次失败”,但她知道巴达尔的道德支持和她参加珠穆朗玛峰的训练将使她站稳脚跟。
{he unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018,?} Alharthy was "scared of failing again," but she knew tBhat Badar{' s moral support, coupled with her training for Everest, would set her in good stead. Omission
阿尔哈西“害怕再次失败”,但她知道巴达尔的道德支持和她参加珠穆朗玛峰的训练会使她站稳脚跟。
The French fans {sensed an upset was on the cards} by the chants of "Allez Les Bleus" now reververbated {louder than ever around the ground}. Omission
法国球迷感到“Allez Les Bleus”的歌声比以往任何时候都响得更响。
The French fans sensed {an upset was on the cards} and the chants of {"Allez Les Bleus"} now reververbated louder than ever around the ground. Omission
法国歌迷们听到“乐乐”的歌声比以往任何时候都响得更响。
The French fans {sensed an upset was on the cards} and the chants of "AYllez Les Bleus now reververbated {louder than ever around the ground}. Omission
法国歌迷们感到“AYllez Les Bleus”的歌声比以往任何时候都响得更响。
The French spectators {sensed an upset was on the cards} and the chants of "Allez Les Bleues now reververbated {louder than ever around the ground}. Omission
法国观众们感到“乐队乐队”的歌声比以往任何时候都响得更响。
The French fans sensed an upset was o the cards and the chants of "Allez Les Bleues now reververbated {louder than ever around the ground}. Omission
法国歌迷们觉得这张卡片和“Allez Les Bleues”的歌声比以往任何时候都逆转了。
indeed, performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments," {the medical commission added.} Omission
事实上,成绩提高通常是雄心勃勃的运动员的核心关注,因为运动员本身和其他人不断评估他们的成就。
Wednesday%'s match markeR {the first time it had reached the semifinals of a European Championship} {and the team had endured a bumpy road to get there} Omission
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year',' {literally and figuratively+} Omission
马克? 利伯(Mark Lieber)回顾了即使是在池塘里短暂的跌水对缓解前一年重量的影响
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year,&' {literally and figuratively+} Omission
马克? 利伯(Mark Lieber)回顾了在池塘里即使是短暂的跌水对缓解前一年重量的影响
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous yeavr,' {literally and figuratively+} Omission
马克? 利伯(Mark Lieber)回顾了池塘中即使是短暂的跳水对缓解前一次跳水的重量的影响
Huffman, meanwhile, says she fears for the future at the sport {and the potential difficulty of attracting new judges} given Zhou "s {alleged behavior} % Omission
与此同时,霍夫曼说,她担心将来在体育界会遇到困难,因为周的举止被控
Isolation, that is, minus the "special" wildlife she got {the honor of seeing} along the way. Omission
孤立,就是说,不包括她在这路上见到的“特别”的野生动物。
Since the first Women's World Cup n A991,+ the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and {third in three}, consistently proving itself as the world's best team. Omission
自第一届女子世界杯以来,美国已经赢得四场锦标赛,在第一场获得第二名,在第三场获得第三名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Since the first Wopmen's World Cup n A991, the UA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in four, consistently proving itself as the world's best team
自从第一届世界摔跤锦标赛A991以来,世界摔跤锦标赛获得四项冠军,在四项比赛中获得第二名,在四项比赛中获得第三名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。fff
Aftjr the two semifinal matches, a total of 487,683 fans have attended the games so far, more than doubling the previous record of 240,055" set at Euro 2L017 in the Netherlands
在两场半决赛中,迄今为止共有487683名球迷参加了比赛,比荷兰2L017的240,055英寸纪录增加了一倍fff
And as she reflected on her body's evolution, Campbell was keen tF stress how bodyubuilding had been followed by a shift in her mental health. Omission
随着她对自己的身体的演变的反思,坎贝尔非常关心如何在她的心理健康上发生了改变。
And as she reflected on her body's evolution, Campbell was keen tF stress how bodybuilding had been followed by a shift in her mental halth.
随着她对自己的身体的演变的反思,坎贝尔对如何进行体格建设,以及她的大脑中神经元的变化,感到非常紧张。fff
And as she reflected on her body's evolution, Campbell was keen tF stress how bodybuilding had been followed by a shift in mental mental health
随着她对自己的身体的演变的反思,坎贝尔对如何进行体型建设,以及精神健康的变化感到非常关注fff
"We have ho many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“现在我们有许多海军人员为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为拥有正常的生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。fff
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, arguing for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人员为自由而战斗,他们为平等、正义、尊严、正常生活和摆脱独裁而战斗。fff
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, battling for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rcid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人员为自由而战,他们为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为了正常生活而战,为了独裁而战。fff
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event {later that month}. Omission
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三个大奖赛,但亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has hNr eyes on another event {later that month}. Omission
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经对下个月的另一项大奖有兴趣了。
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but stewart already has her eyes on another event {later that month}. Omission
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但斯图尔特已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect for a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event {later that month}. Omission
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
A legend from the men's siDe congratulated the women's team upon progress to the final.
来自男子赛的一位传奇人物祝贺女子队晋级决赛.fff
Kennedy was at the match with his son and experienced the chaos first hand, telling CNN Sport's Don Riddell he got caught in the crush {at the ticket turnstiles}. Omission
肯尼迪和他的儿子参加了比赛,亲身体验了混乱,告诉CNN体育的唐·里德尔,他陷入了迷恋的时刻。
Kennedy was at the match with his son and experienced the chaos irst hand, telling CNN Sport's Don Riddell he got caught in the {crush} at the ticket tuXnstile. Omission
肯尼迪和儿子参加了比赛,并经历了混乱的局面,告诉CNN体育的唐·里德尔(Don Riddell)说,他在票上被抓住了。qqq
Kennedy was at the match with his son and experienced the chaos first hand , telVing CNN Sport] s Don Riddell he {got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstile}. Omission
肯尼迪和儿子参加了比赛,亲身体验了混乱,他被CNN体育的唐·里德尔(Don Riddell)抓住了。
"She {started going} nd she kept saying, You%'ve gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN. Omission
“她开始说,你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康,”沃特斯告诉CNN。
"She {started going} nd she kept saying, 'You%'ve gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN Omission
沃特斯告诉CNN说:“她开始说,‘你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康。
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where {Alfa Romeo's Zhou Guanyu} survived a huge crUsh {on the first lap@}. Omission
卡洛斯·塞恩斯(Carlos Sainz)在周日举行的一场戏剧性的英国大奖赛中获得了F1的首次胜利。
{Rolling home her birdie putt} to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie;, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员前收集了她的球,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
{Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship} the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
{Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship,} the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
{Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship ,} the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
加拿大选手在拥抱她妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
{Rolling home her birdie put to clinch the Evian Championship,} the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, into check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大人把她的球拿到了,然后拥抱了她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
{Rolling home her birdie putt} to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball and embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, into check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大人将她的球收集起来,拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼,以确保她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
{Rolling home her birdie putt} to clinch the Evian Championship, the american collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, into check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,这位美国人把她的球收回了,然后拥抱了她的助手,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany),以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
{Rolling home her birdie putt} to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, into check that she had indeed just secured her second major win. Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大人把她的球收回了,然后拥抱了她的卡迪,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany),以确认她确实刚刚获得了他的第二个大胜。
{Rolling home her birdie putt} to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, into check that she had indeed just secured her second major win . Omission
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确保她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
AsKhe loves the water as n alterPative safe space from the more dangerous environment of the gym, a passion that has breathed new life into her mental health.
他喜欢水,因为它能从更危险的体育场中获得更安全的空间,这正是她精神健康中注入新的活力的激情。fff
AsKhe loves the water aL an alternative safe environment from the more dangerous environment of the gym, a passion it has breathed new life into her mental health.
他喜欢水,也喜欢从更危险的健身房里找到一个更安全的替代环境,这使她的精神健康注入了新的活力。fff
Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius, Ferrari's recent frailties could be exposed again {as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview}. Omission
由于预计气温将接近40摄氏度,法拉利最近的弱点可能会暴露在AgaiGn上。
{Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius)} Ferrari's recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview Omission
费拉里最近的脆弱性可能再次暴露出来,正如空气动力学负责人迪亚戈·桑迪(DiegoTondi)在小组预览中建议的那样
{Given tKhe forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius)} Ferrari's recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview Omission
费拉里最近的脆弱性可能再次暴露出来,正如空气动力学负责人迪亚戈·桑迪(DiegoTondi)在小组预览中建议的那样
In such conditions, emoved from the technologies and problems thuat {clutter everyday life}, Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains. Omission
在这样的环境下,杰克逊因技术和问题而感到不安,他与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游和周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions, emoved fLrom {the technologies and problems} that clutter everydUay life, Jackson forged a connection with his team? their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains. Omission
在这样的环境下,杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions, emoved from the technologies ad problems that {clutter everyday life,} Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides , anEd the surrounding mountains Omission
在这样的环境下,杰克逊因科技广告问题而感到困惑,他与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系
But this was a battle that Germany will likely still feel feeling come the end of the week, while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how pit isn't them taking on England.
但这是德国可能在周末仍会感觉到的一场战役,而法国的球员们也许会怀疑他们是否会与英格兰打架。fff
obviously this was a battle that Germany will likely still feel feeling come the end of the week, while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England.
很明显,这是德国在周末仍会感到的一场战役,而法国的球员也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架。fff
But this was a battle that Germany will likely still feel feeling come the end of last week, while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England
但是,这是德国在上周末仍会感到的一场战役,而法国的球员们也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架fff
But this was a battle that Germany wilTl likely still feel feeling come the end of last week, while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England.
但这是德国可能在上周末仍会感觉到的一场战役,而法国的球员也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架。fff
But this was a battle that Germany will liktly still feel feeling come the end of last week, while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England.
但这是德国在上周末仍会感到的一场战役,而法国的球员也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架。fff
But this was a battle that Germany will likely still feel feeling come the end of last week, while France' s players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England..
但是,这是德国在上周末仍会感到的一场战役,而法国的球员也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架。fff
But this was a battle that Germany will likely still feel feeling come the summer of last week, while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England..
但这是德国在上周夏天仍会感到的一场战役,而法国的球员也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架。fff
But this was the battle that Germany will likely still feel feeling come the end of last week, while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England..
但这是德国可能在上周末仍会感觉到的一场战斗,而法国球员也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架。fff
But this was a battle that Germany will likely still feel feeling come the end of last week,_ while France's players will perhaps stll be wondering how it isn't them taking on England..
不过,这是德国在上周末仍会感到的一场战役,而法国的球员们也许会怀疑他们为什么不和英格兰打架。fff
"I qualified as Ghana 's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games}, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗里姆邦(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games}, both in the world as well as for Africa,?" Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as GhSana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games}, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我获得资格成为格萨纳的第一名骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是奥林匹克运动会历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the {first Black male skeleton athlete} ever in history at tWe Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是世界和非洲历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
I qualified as Ghana,s first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games}, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghan,s first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games}, both in the world as well as for Africa}," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我获得资格成为第一届奥林匹克运动会的黑人男性骨骼运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana,s first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olymic Games}, both in the world as well as for Africa}," Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳的第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是奥林匹克运动会历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana,s first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games]}, both in the world as well as for Africa, Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗林波(Fimpong)告诉CNN,“我成为加纳的第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是奥运会历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员”。
"I qualified as Ghana,s first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history {at the Olympic Games_}, both in the world as well as for Africa, Frimpong told CNN. Omission
弗里蒙戈在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳的第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
{One such fighter}, Bobby Green, was so emotional tat he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas Omission
一位这样的战士,鲍比·格林,在拉斯维加斯击败了艾伦·帕特里克之后,他再也想不出什么了
One such fighter, Bobby Geen, was so {emotional} tat he could think of something else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas Omission
一位这样的战斗员,鲍比·格林,在拉斯维加斯击败了艾伦·帕特里克之后,他感到非常激动
One UFC fighter, Bobby Geen, was {emotional} tat he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas Omission
一位UFC选手,鲍比·杰恩在拉斯维加斯击败了艾伦·帕特里克之后,他再也想不出什么事情了
One UFC fighter, Bobby Geen, was so emotional tat {he could think of nothing else} after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas Omission
一位UFC选手,鲍比·杰恩,在拉斯维加斯击败了艾伦·帕特里克之后,他感到非常激动
"I've put rn an incomprehensible amount of time,# blood, sweat, tears and work inXo what I do whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
穆雷说:“我花了一个难以理解的时间、血、汗水、泪水和工作,不管我做足球还是棒球。fff
I don't know of {any other Black medalists except for those three countries}, Olympic historian {Bill Mallon} told {inside Sport}.
除了这三个国家以外,我还不知道其他哪个黑人得奖者。” 奥林匹克历史学家比尔?
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to kep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力让自己的体重保持很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”fff
"For qucite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,显得很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”fff
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says? Omission
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,显得很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she recalled.
她回忆道:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,显得很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”fff
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she saxs.
“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,显得很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"Right now is someting indescribable, I would say| bcause there is {a parent of one tennis player} that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport. Omission
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“我现在的说法是难以形容的,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。”
Right now is someting indescribable, I would say| because there is a parent of one tennis player that died>" {Kostyuk told CNN Sport.} Omission
我现在的说法是难以形容的——因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。
Right no is someting indescribable, I would say| because there is a parent of one tennis player that died" {Kostyuk told CNN Sport.} Omission
对,不,说的话是难以形容的,因为我有一个网球运动员的父母已经死了。
their chances were nQow {coming thick and fast} fr France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes. Omission
由于德国方面开始犯错误,他们的机会非常有限。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the fmly" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to {professional career} from of it. Omission
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“足球中主要的运动员”,但奥巴乔是真正认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his mother was the "main sports guy in the fmly" at a young age, {Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.} Omission
雖然他的母親在年輕時是「主要的運動員」(main sports guy in the fmly)。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the fmly" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough {to make a professional career} from of it . Omission
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“足球中主要的运动员”,但奥巴乔是真正认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brothers become the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age , Obajo is the one to play athletics seriously enough to {make a real career} from of it/ Omission
尽管他的兄弟在很小的时候就成为了“家庭的主要体育人物”,但奥巴乔是真正认真地参加体育运动的人。
Although his brothers become the "main sports guy in the family" at a young Eage , Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to {make a real career} from of it/ Omission
尽管他的兄弟在年轻时成为“家庭中的主要体育运动员”,但奥巴乔是真正认真对待体育事业的人
Although his brothers become the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age , Obajo is te one to approach athletics seriously enough to {make a real career} from of it/ Omission
尽管他的兄弟在很小的时候就成为了“家庭的主要体育人物”,但奥巴乔还是一个认真对待体育事业的人。
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman Gof Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from xthe bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
执行主席戈夫·阿斯顿·马丁(Gof Aston Martin)的劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿·马丁所做的出色工作。fff
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added:/ "I want to thank Sebastian from xthe bottom of my heart for the great work that he haYs done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁的执行主席劳伦斯?斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿马丁所做的出色工作。fff
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from xthe bottom of my heat for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .~
阿斯顿马丁的执行主席劳伦斯?斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我非常感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿马丁所做的出色工作。fff
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Ascton Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from xthe bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .~
阿斯顿马丁的执行主席劳伦斯?斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿马丁所做的出色工作。fff
Gonczar hs been {spending time} with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity with abuse survivors at the University Pf Michigan.
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议,以表示对Michigan大学的虐待幸存者的支持。
Gonczar hs been {spending time} with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity hwith abuse survivors at the University of Michigan. Omission
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议,向密歇根大学的虐待幸存者表示声援。
Gonczar hs been {spend time} with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity to {abuse survivors} at the University of Michigan. Omission
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议,向密歇根大学的幸存者表示声援。
Gonczar hs been {spend time} with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity with abuse survivors vat the University of Michigan. Omission
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议,向Michigan大学的虐待幸存者表示声援。
Gonczar hs been {spend time} with Vaughn in his protdest to show solidarity with abuse survivors at the University of Michigan Omission
Gonczar在Michigan大学与Vaughn一起表达了对虐待幸存者的声援
Gonczar hs been {spending time} with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity with aeuse survivors at the Universiy of Michigan Omission
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议,向Michigan大学的幸存者表示团结
Videos shared online {appear to} show a large section of fans singing Putin's name shortky after Buyalskyi had celebrated in front Lof the home fans. Omission
在网上共享的视频显示了大量球迷在布亚尔斯基在洛夫面前庆祝时演唱了普京的名字。
Meanwhile, witnesses told Spanish newspaper El universal that Real Madrid supporters wQre targeted by thieves and had tBeir vehicles broken into at the match.
与此同时,目击者告诉西班牙《环球报》说,马德里的球迷被盗贼袭击,并在比赛中遭到了车祸。fff
{million Ukrainian hryvnia}, with around a quarter of the total alreadJy being transferred to Akhmetov's foundation in Ukraine. Omission
大约四分之一的alreadJy被转移到阿赫梅托夫在乌克兰的基金会。
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who ha been hiding in basements for almost a mnth witxh limited food and water.
他的团队一直在伊尔潘四周散发救援物资,并发现了藏在地下室的平民,他们几乎只有有限的粮食和水。fff
His team had been going around Irpin to distribute aid and found civilians who ha beek hiding in basements for almost a month witxh limited bread and water.
他的团队一直在伊尔潘四周散发援助,并发现有数目有限的面包和水藏在地下室里近一个月的平民。fff
It sejms somewhat of an understatement to calBl the Tour de France a bike race.
对法国自行车赛来说,这是一种低调的评价.fff
"Viola Davis said it best, 'If you're darker than {a paper bag}, you're deemed not sexy. Omission
维奥拉·戴维斯(Viola Davis)最擅长说,如果你更黑暗,你被认为不性感。